['The Emoji Movie unlocks the never-before-seen secret world inside your smartphone. Hidden within the messaging app is Textopolis, a bustling city where all your favorite emojis live, hoping to be selected by the phone\  user. In this world, each emoji has only one facial expression - except for Gene, an exuberant emoji who was born without a filter and is bursting with multiple expressions. Determined to become "normal" like the other emojis, Gene enlists the help of his handy best friend Hi-5 and the notorious code breaker emoji Jailbreak. Together, they embark on an epic "app-venture" through the apps on the phone, each its own wild and fun world, to find the Code that will fix Gene. But when a greater danger threatens the phone, the fate of all emojis depends on these three unlikely friends who must save their world before it\  deleted forever. Sony Pictures Entertainment', 'Inside each smartphone are these small faces and items called Emojis. Every Emoji means something different, but unfortunately, Gene, a so-called "Meh" Emoji, has a problem. He has all the expressions of the faces. Thinking that he is special in his own way, Gene partners up with smart Emo Emoji Jailbreak and classical Hand Emoji Hi-5 across the digital universe through a course of apps looking for the source cloud to reveal Gene\  true expression. But with Smiley Face Emoji Smiler sending her bots hot on the friends\' trail.', 'Gene, a multi-expressional emoji, sets out on a journey to become a normal emoji. MadMovieManiac']
[ elf-financed biopic of Brazilian evangelical bishop Edir Macedo, founder of the Universal Church of the Kingdom of God and owner of Record TV network.']
['In the year 3000, humanity is no match for the Psychlos, a greedy, manipulative race on a quest for ultimate profit. Led by the seductive and powerful Terl, the Psychlos are stripping Earth of its resources, using the broken remnants of humanity as slaves. What is left of the human race has reverted to a primitive state, believing the invaders to be demons and technology to be evil. After humanity has all but given up any hope of freeing themselves from alien oppression, a young man named Tyler decides to leave his desolate home high in the Rocky Mountains to discover the truth, whereupon he is captured and enslaved. It is then that he decides to fight back, leading his fellow man in one final struggle for freedom. Cheeseycom',  fter enslavement and near extermination by an alien race in the year 3000, humanity begins to fight back. Cheeseycom']
["The story begins with Goku, who seeks out upon his adoptive grandfather Grandpa Gohan  dying request to find the great Master Roshi and gather all seven Dragon Balls. Of which he has one, in order to prevent the evil Lord Piccolo from succeeding in his desire to use the Dragon Balls to take over the world. And Goku  quest is to obtain the mystical Dragonballs before Piccolo does. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com}", 'The young warrior Son Goku sets out on a quest, racing against time and the vengeful King Piccolo, to collect a set of seven magical orbs that will grant their wielder unlimited power. Sugreeva The Monkey King']
["After the encounter with the shark at Sea World, Sean Brody has returned to Amity. Here he has assumed his father  role, working for the police department, and is engaged to a young woman named Tiffany. His mother, Ellen, still lives in Amity as well. Mike Brody is now married to Carla and is researching conch snails with his partner, Jake, in the Bahamas. One night, while repairing a buoy in Amity harbor from the police boat, Sean is ambushed from below and killed by the Brodys' old enemy - a Great White Shark. After the funeral Ellen wants Mike to stay off the water, but he refuses and takes Ellen back to the Caribbean with him and his wife & daughter, Thea. Ellen starts trying to enjoy life again, meeting charming pilot Hoagie after having been a widow for some time. Mike & Jake encounter the Great White Shark on the water, and tag & track it for research. But the shark soon starts causing havoc, and comes after Thea on a banana boat ride! Now, Ellen, Mike, Jake & Hoagie will face the shark on his terms. Who will survive? Medic249a2", "Ellen Brody still lives in the island resort town of Amity, and her sons Sean and Michael don't work at Sea World anymore, and some time ago, Ellen  husband Martin Brody died of a heart attack that happened because he was afraid of sharks. Sean is now a deputy in Amity. One night, during the Christmas season, Sean is called to untangle a log from a buoy, and when Sean goes to the buoy, he  killed by a great white shark. After hearing about this, Michael, who is studying to be a marine biologist, visits Amity with his wife Carla and his 5-year-old daughter Thea. Wanting to get away from Amity and spend Christmas with Michael, Carla, and Thea, Ellen goes with them to their house in the Bahamas on an airplane whose pilot is Hoagie Newcombe, and Hoagie starts falling for Ellen. Michael  friend Jake, who is also studying to be a marine biologist, lives next door to Michael. Sometime later, while Michael and Jake are out at sea, their boat is attacked by the shark that killed Sean. Michael and Jake try to tag the shark so they can keep track of it. Sometime later, while Thea and some of her friends are on a banana boat, a yellow boat shaped like a banana, the shark attacks the banana boat and kills a woman, leaving Thea in shock, but it looks like Thea will be okay. Carla is mad at Michael for not telling her that the shark is in the waters of the Bahamas. Michael and Jake didn't mention the shark, because they didn't want to upset Ellen and mess up her visit. Ellen believes that the shark is after her family and that it was trying to kill Thea instead of the woman it killed, so Ellen takes Michael  boat out to sea on a single-minded mission to find the shark and kill it while Michael, Hoagie, and Jake try to find Ellen because they're afraid the shark will kill Ellen before Ellen can kill the shark. Todd Baldridge", "The long suffering wife of Chief Brody decides she  had enough of Amity and heads off to the Caribbean to join her son, daughter-in-law and grandchild. However, the shark with an attitude just won't leave her alone... did it follow her ?, is it the same shark ?. Rob Hartill", "Chief Brody  widow believes that her family is deliberately being targeted by another shark in search of revenge. Daniel Jos. Leary and   ."]
['Bully prison warden Bill Boss, leading a big state prison in the US of A, has a lot of problems; his prison statistically has the highest amount of prison riots, medical costs and staff turnover in the country. But foremost he is unable to get the respect he thinks he deserves from his inmates and the state Governor. He constantly fails in experimenting with different ideas for the ideal punishment to get the inmates in line, which drives him, together with the sizzling heat, completely insane. Under threats of termination by the Governor, his loyal right hand man Dwight comes up with a brilliant idea. A revolutionary idea which could change the American prison system for good and save billions of dollars. An idea based on the notorious Human Centipede movies, that will literally and figuratively get the inmates on their knees, creating the ultimate punishment and deterrent for anyone considering a life of crime. Having nothing to lose, Bill and Dwight create a jaw-dropping 500-person prison centipede. Ashton Brandon Brown', 'Prison warden Bill Boss has tried everything to keep his inmates in line, but nothing works. When riots, staff turmoil and scorching heat finally drive him to the brink, Boss agrees to a horrific plan to turn the prisoners into a human centipede. Ilir Sejdiu',   brutal, deranged prison warden, Bill Boss, knows no limits or laws when it comes to maintaining discipline in his prison, and in carrying out his sadistic urges. Then, influenced by watching the Human Centipede movies, his sidekick Dwight suggests that he create a human centipede out of the prisoners. It will cut their food costs. grantss', 'Taking inspiration from The Human Centipede films, the warden of a notorious and troubled prison looks to create a 500-person human centipede as a solution to his problems.']
["Three best friends get together and bury a box, making a pact to open it at midnight at their high school graduation. In the small town in Georgia that they live in, things soon change. One is little miss perfect, one is an engaged prom queen, and the other is a pregnant outcast. On the night of their graduation, they open the box and they strike up a conversation. Suddenly, one brings up the topic of her going to Los Angeles for a record contract audition. They all decide to go together and they leave. With a little money, they set out on the road with a guy named Ben. When one of them tells the other a rumor that he might be a homicidal maniac, they are all scared of him. When they reach Los Angeles, Lucy (Britney Spears) falls in love with Ben and against her father  wishes, she stays and she goes to the audition. Kara", 'Three childhood best friends, and a guy they just met, take a road trip across the country, finding themselves and their friendship in the process. Rich']
[  small group of survivors are left behind after millions of people suddenly vanish and the world is plunged into chaos and destruction. Paul Lalonde']
["Climb aboard the double decker Spice Bus and get ready for a madcap musical adventure with the sexy phenomenons of pop - the Spice Girls. An encounter with extra-terrestrials, a night in a haunted castle, and a moment of truth in a maternity ward are just a few of the escapades the endeavored upon as the Girls gear up for their first live concert at London  Royal Albert Hall.", 'The Spice Girls have become superstars and a global phenomenon. As they prepare for what may be their most prestigious concert to date at Royal Albert Hall in London, everyone in the world wants their two pounds of flesh from the girls at their expense. Their manager Clifford and his behind the scenes boss "The Chief" want to control all aspects of the girls\' lives with the sole goal of getting them to the concert in the best shape possible. A documentary film crew wants 24/7 access amidst the girls\' busy schedule. A Hollywood pitch team wants them to star in a movie, they pitching one outlandish idea after another. The London tabloids want to print whatever salacious story they can get their hands on, even if it ruins the girls\' careers. And even some out of this world visitors want what all their adoring fans want. Through it all, the girls, who want to have some fun along the way, evaluate their lives and wonder if they\'ve lost sight of what is really important in life, those priorities, like being with their pregnant best friend Nicola, which may be incompatible with being pop superstars. Huggo', 'World famous pop group the Spice Girls zip around London in their luxurious double decker tour bus having various adventures and performing for their fans. Daniel Jos. Leary']
[  young child is terrified to discover that a planned family trip is to be haunted by vile plant-eating monsters out of his worst nightmare. His attempt to save his beloved family is assisted by the spectre of his deceased grandfather. Also, there are NO trolls in this movie, only goblins. Mike Thibault ', 'In this family comedy adventure, the Waits family are tired of the food in their normal town, so they trade houses to live in a wonderful half empty town. Oh, Elliot it will be wonderful! Soon the Goblins are trying to get them to eat their food with green stuff on it, and the final disco showdown is at hand. Nilbog will never be the same! trolls_vs_damthings', "Joshua  family takes a trip to NILBOG, which, unbeknownst to them, is the kingdom of the goblins, as told to young Joshua by his grandfather Seth, who just happens to be dead. Now it  up to Josh, magical time stopping Grandpa Seth, and a bologna sandwich to save the family from the evil Goblin Queen, who uses everything from magical rocks to an ear of corn, to destroy Josh  family. Tobias Christopher", "Young Johnathan is shocked to find that the bedtime stories he was told by his deceased grandfather, the infamous GRAMPA SETH, of evil GOBLINS who turn people into living vegetables in order to eat them, is about to come to terrifying reality on a family trip to the town of NILBOG. With the assistance of the Troll master, CREEDENCE LEONORE GIELGUD, the Trolls wish to feed Johnathan  family evil food. Uncle Henry",   family vacationing in a small town discovers the entire town is inhabited by goblins in disguise as humans, who plan to eat them. Moviedude346']
["Catwoman is the story of shy, sensitive artist Patience Philips, a woman who can't seem to stop apologizing for her own existence. She works as a graphic designer for Hedare Beauty, a mammoth cosmetics company on the verge of releasing a revolutionary anti-aging product. When Patience inadvertently happens upon a dark secret her employer is hiding, she finds herself in the middle of a corporate conspiracy. What happens next changes Patience forever. In a mystical twist of fate, she is transformed into a woman with the strength, speed, agility and ultra-keen senses of a cat. With her newfound prowess and feline intuition, Patience becomes Catwoman, a sleek and stealthy creature balancing on the thin line between good and bad. Like any wildcat, she  dangerous, elusive and untamed. Her adventures are complicated by a burgeoning relationship with Tom Lone, a cop who has fallen for Patience but cannot shake his fascination with the mysterious Catwoman, who appears to be responsible for a string of crime sprees plaguing the city. Austin4577@aol.com",   shy woman, endowed with the speed, reflexes, and senses of a cat, walks a thin line between criminal and hero, even as a detective doggedly pursues her, fascinated by both of her personas. IMDb Editors']
["Jack Sadelstein is a successful advertising executive in Los Angeles with a beautiful wife and kids, who dreads one event each year: the Thanksgiving visit of his identical twin sister Jill. Jill  neediness and passive-aggressiveness is maddening to Jack, turning his normally tranquil life upside down. Columbia Pictures", 'Family guy Jack Sadelstein prepares for the annual event he dreads: the Thanksgiving visit of his twin sister, the needy and passive-aggressive Jill, who then refuses to leave.']
[  look at the 17-25 December 2013 corruption scandal in Turkey, from the viewpoint of the Erdogan government.']
["Four troubled orphans from four separate movie scenarios who are bound together in a wacky chocolate factory after receiving golden tickets to go on an 'epic adventure.' After they escape from the clutches of a very scary Willy Wonka they discover the magical world of 'Gnarnia' through an enchanted wardrobe. There they must seek the help of a randy lion, a hoard of mutants from the x academy, students of witchcraft and wizardry, funky swash-buckling pirates and a mischievous beaver to defeat the evil white bitch! MovieMagic", "When Edward, Peter, Lucy and Susan each follow their own path, they end up finding themselves at Willy  Chocolate factory. Walking through a wardrobe, they discover the world of Gnarnia, which is ruled by the White Bitch. Meeting up with characters such as Harry Potter and Captain Jack Swallows, the newly reunited family must team up with Aslo, a wise-but-horny lion to stop the army of the White Bitch. Film_Fan", 'The story centers on four not-so-young orphans: one raised by a curator at the Louvre (where an albino assassin lurks), another a refugee from Mexican "libre" wrestling, the third a recent victim of snakes on her plane, and the fourth a "normal" resident of a mutant "X"-community. The hapless quartet visits a chocolate factory, where they stumble into an enchanted wardrobe that transports them to the land of Gnarnia (with a "G"). There they meet a flamboyant pirate captain and earnest students of wizardry - and join forces with, among others, a wise-but-horny lion to defeat the evil White Bitch of Gnarnia.', 'Lucy is the daughter of a museum curator; Edward is an Mexican orphan; Susan is an adopted orphan from Namibia; and Peter is a student at the Mutant Academy. All four end up winning an epic adventure with Willy Wonka. When they find out that Willy uses human parts for his products, they manage to escape via a wardrobe, straight into Gnarnia, where they will be trained and betrayed by Harry Potter and the pirates of the Caribean respectively, and must seek the assistance of Aslo to battle the invincible White Witch and her hordes. The plan goes awry when one of their very own ends up being seduced and then abducted by her. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)',   comedic satire of films that are large in scope, reputation and popularity. TB4000']
['Will, Lisa, and two of their friends attempt to flee man-made and natural disasters and encounter Batman, Hancock, The Hulk, Indiana Jones, Hannah Montana, Michael Jackson, Beowulf, the Love Guru, Iron Man, rabid chipmunks amongst others in their seemingly vain efforts to seek help and shelter from unknown threats. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)', 'Over the course of one evening, an unsuspecting group of twenty-somethings find themselves bombarded by a series of natural disasters and catastrophic events. IMDb Editors']
['Four best friends start high school. Each one is unique and likes their own thing. When Meredith, the most popular girl, sees this she automatically knows they are trouble. Eventually though Cloe joins the soccer team and hangs out with them, Sasha joins the cheer leading squad and hangs out with the cheerleaders, Jade is part of the math club so she hangs out with them, and Yasmin is left all alone. After years of not talking to each other Jade and Yasmin speak a few words in the restroom but Yasmin doesn\'t have the courage to tell Jade she misses her. Then the four girls are reunited when they are sent to detention for causing a food fight. After the girls are reunited they find out they are not invited to a huge party given by Meredith Then Cloe finds out that her mom got a job serving food at the party. They are forced to work for Meredith Then at the party Meredith decides to expose Yasmins secret which is her dancing and singing with a face mask. Then Yasmins brother starts doing a dance and then everybody joins in and Meredith is humiliated. When Meredith accidentally gets thrown into the pool she calls the four best friends "bratz." The girls then decide to be part of the talent show to win a scholarship. Meredith is always the one who wins but the "bratz" are prepared to take her down. But when Meredith finds she threatens Yasmin by telling her that if she continued preparing for the show she would expose her friends secrets. Yasmin decides to call everything off. At the end the girls still do the talent show and they tell everybody there secrets who turn out not to be so bad. The girls win and they each end up with their crushes. The girls decide to give Cloe the scholarship. The movie ends with the girls walking down a red carpet. cely', 'During their first year of high school, four best girlfriends face off against the domineering student body president who wants to split them up into different social cliques.']
['Tim Avery is a cartoonist who loves his dog Odis. Then one day Odis finds a strange green mask. Then Tim puts it on and has a baby with his wife with the mask on. The baby then gets ahold of powers of the mask. Meanwhile Loki (Alan Cumming) must find the mask before Odin gets mad',   cartoonist named Tim Avery loves his dog, Otis, more than anything in the world. But when Tim and his wife have a baby, Otis starts to feel left out. But then Otis finds an enchanted mask and plots to be rid of the baby once and for all, but is unsuccessful. Meanwhile, up in Valhalla, Odin is infuriated at Loki for losing the mask and orders him to go get it... Josh f.', "Aspiring cartoonist Tim Avery is feeling inadequate about being a father when he finds that his newborn son has some amazing abilities - the baby has the powers of the Mask of Loki, a mythological object that transforms its user into a manic shape-shifter alter-ego. As bad as a baby with godlike powers might seem, the 'really' bad news is that Loki wants his mask back... austin4577@aol.com", 'Tim Avery, an aspiring cartoonist, finds himself in a predicament when his dog stumbles upon the mask of Loki. Then after conceiving an infant son "born of the mask", he discovers just how looney child raising can be. EARTHDOG!']
['The heroic Spartan king Leonidas, armed with nothing but leather underwear and a cape, leads a ragtag bunch of 13 Spartan misfit warriors to defend their homeland against thousands of invading Persians whom include the Ghost Rider, Rocky Balboa, the Autobots, and an ugly hunchbacked Paris Hilton and a shaved-head Brittany Spears. matt-282', "Spartan king Leonidas may have been raised the same proverbially harsh way when it come to military training as he practices mercilessly on his own baby boy Leo, in this low-budget Mel Brooks-type parody on 300, life in not so Ancient Sparta is mainly between idyllic and shamelessly orgiastic. When the Persian king of kings Xerxes demands 'just' slavish submission, his emissaries are dumped in a near-bottomless pit, so his vast army marches on Greece. After the dirty corrupt priests and oracle are bought, they commend levying an army but predict glorious death to the last men. Only 13 men turn up from Leonidas  elite guard. The first battles are of the hip-hop variety, and taking position at the narrow Thermopylae pass provides a huge strategic advantage, but a goat trail back-door is betrayed to Xerxes. Back home, true-to-his-name Traitoro sabotages vixen queen Margo  efforts, including bribing him sexually, to send a relief army. KGF Vissers"]
['During World War II, a brave, patriotic American Soldier undergoes experiments to become a new supersoldier, "Captain America." Racing to Germany to sabotage the rockets of Nazi baddie "Red Skull", Captain America winds up frozen until the 1990s. He reawakens to find that the Red Skull has changed identities and is now planning to kidnap the President of the United States. &view=simple&sort=alpha&ref_=ttpl_pl_0">Michael "Rabbit" Hutchison ', 'Frozen in the ice for decades, Captain America is freed to battle against arch-criminal, The Red Skull.']
["Nate moves to L.A. to track down Cristabel, the woman he  been in love with since childhood, only to discover that his plan to woo her only has one hurdle to overcome: what to do with June, Cristabel  ever-present, not-so-hot best friend? What  even more complicating is Nate  growing feelings for June, whose true beauty starts to emerge. IMDb Editors",   woman agrees to go on a date with a man only if he finds a suitor for her unattractive best friend.']
["In the early 21st century, the USA is in the wake of the Second Civil War. The whole country is in a constant state of emergency. What was formerly called the American Congress now rules the country with fascistic methods. There is only one free city left, Steel Harbor, a coastal California industrial town which is headquarters for the resistance. This is the home town of Barb Wire, owner of the Hammerhead nightclub. As times aren't good, Barb has a second job. She  a bounty hunter and you probably wouldn't want her after you. Barb  credo is to never take sides for anybody and that  the only way to survive these days in the crime-ridden streets of Steel Harbor. One evening, her former lover Axel Hood appears at the club asking for a favor to help him and his lover Cora D flee the country to Canada, Barb suddenly finds herself to be key player on high political stage. Now she has to take sides. Oliver Heidelbach", 'During the Second American Civil War in 2017, Barb Wire owns a nightclub called the Hammerhead. Things become complicated when her ex-lover Axel Hood, who is married to the fugitive Corrina Devonshire, re-enters her life. Jojo Mac']
['Gigli, a lowly and inept hitman, is assigned a job by the mob to kidnap an intellectually disabled brother of a California district attorney. Gigli abducts the brother from his mental hospital and holds him hostage in his apartment. Ricki, a "lesbian assassin", is sent to oversee Gigli\  job and make sure he doesn\'t screw it up. Comedic high jinks ensue as the two go on the lam and start to fall in love. Ilya G.',   lowly thug, Gigli, is assigned to kidnap the psychologically challenged younger brother of a powerful federal prosecutor to save his mobster boss from incarceration. Staked-out in his one-bedroom apartment with his kidnap victim, Brian, Gigli soon realizes that what he thought would be a routine assignment soon becomes a tumultuous task. Ricki, a gorgeous, free-spirited female gangster is sent to assist Gigli with the kidnapping because his boss does not think that Gigli is up to the job. But when his feelings for the decidedly unavailable Ricki begin to grow, and he actually becomes concerned for Brian, tough guy Gigli begins to transform into an actual human being...which considering his profession could be a very dangerous occupation.', 'The violent story about how a criminal lesbian, a tough-guy hitman with a heart of gold, and a mentally challenged man came to be best friends through a hostage. Qrrbirbel']
["Julia Jones is unhappy. She  overweight, spends forever working at her fathers diner, and believes she will always be lonely. This is until she meets Grant Fockyerdoder. Before they can have their dream wedding, they must meet each others parents and survive the scheming Andy. Film_Fan", "Julia Jones has found the perfect guy, the very-British and very-unfortunately-named Grant Fockyerdoder. But before they can have their Big Fat Greek Wedding, they must Meet the Parents, hook up with The Wedding Planner, and contend with Grant  friend Andy who wants to put an end to her Best Friend  Wedding. Max Davison ",  poof of romantic comedies which focuses on a man, his crush, his parents, and her father. CartmanKun@aol.com']
['This film is a prequel to all of the The House of the Dead video games. Set on an island off the coast, a techno rave party attracts a diverse group of college coeds and a Coast Guard officer. Soon, they discover that their X-laced escapades are to be interrupted by zombies and monsters that attack them on the ground, from the air, and in the sea, ruled by an evil entity in the House of the Dead... Midnight Hunter X',   group of college students travel to a mysterious island to attend a rave, which is soon taken over by bloodthirsty zombies. Movie Guy']
["Kirk is enjoying the annual Christmas party extravaganza thrown by his sister until he realizes he needs to help out Christian, his brother-in-law, who has a bad case of the bah-humbugs. Kirk  fresh look at Christmas provides Christian  the chance to see Christ is where He has always been: at the center of our Christmas celebrations and traditions. Can Kirk save his in-laws opinions on Christmas or will he have to celebrate a holiday like this without him? Official site"]
["In the Eighteenth Century, Rayne is the half-human half-vampire Dhampir and the lead attraction in a carnival  freak-show in Romania. When she escapes, she meets a fortuneteller that tells that her mother was raped by the king of the vampires Kagan and she decides to destroy her father. In her journey for revenge, she meets Vladimir and Sebastian, the leaders of the fortress of vampire hunters Brimstone, and she joins their society. She seeks for powerful talismans to defeat Kagan, while the skilled warriors Vladimir and Sebastian train her to face the forces of Kagan and her human side falls in love with Sebastian. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil", "In eighteenth century Romania, Rayne, a dhampir (half-human, half-vampire), prone to fits of blind blood rage but saddled with a compunction for humans, strives to avenge her mother  rape by her father, Kagan, King of Vampires. Two vampire hunters, Sebastian and Vladimir, from the Brimstone Society persuade her to join their cause. Tracy S", 'In the 18th century, a vampire escapes from the freak show she once participated in and teams up with a group of vampire slayers to kill the man who raped her mother.']
['This is the twisted tale of Vilmer and his crazy family which includes the lovely Leatherface. They have pastime of killing and stuffing people. Unfortunately, Jenny and her friends run into Vilmer and his clan in the middle of the night in the middle of the woods. Josh Pasnak ',   group of prom-going teens take a fatal detour into the Texas woods and get into an accidental car crash. Stranded with no place to go, they seek help in Darla, a seemingly innocent insurance agent whose office is located near by. After Darla calls for help, they set out back to the scene of the crash, and are found and terrorized by Leatherface, his crazy brother, Vilmer, and are taken to an old farmhouse where they meet the rest of the cannibalistic clan. horror-film-fanatic',   group of teenagers get into a car crash in the Texas woods on prom night, and then wander into an old farmhouse that is home to Leatherface and his insane family of cannibalistic psychopaths. horror-film-fanatic']
["Billie Frank is a shy, young multiracial girl who is sent away by her alcoholic mother at a very early age. At an orphanage, she befriends Louise and Roxanne. Flash forward to 1983. Billie and her friends are spotted by a record producer, Timothy Walker, who wants them to sing backup for his latest pop-music discovery. But when super DJ Julian Dice hears Billie  incredible voice, he makes a shady deal with Timothy to get her out of that dead-end situation. Soon, Billie and Dice are making hits inside the studio, and falling in love outside of it. Eventually, the pressure of her newfound celebrity puts too heavy a strain on Billie, forcing her to decide what it is she really wants from Dice, and what she wants for herself.",   young singer dates a disc jockey who helps her get into the music business, but their relationship become complicated as she ascends to super stardom. Matt']
[ et in the most depressing corner of a post-apocalyptic future, our heroine Kantmiss Evershot (Maiara Walsh) volunteers to take her manipulative younger sister\  place in the seventy-fifth annual "Starving Games." In doing so, she must leave behind her smoldering just-a-friend Dale (Brant Daugherty) and team up with the geeky baker\  son Peter Malarkey (Cody Allen Christian) in a fight for her life. But wait, there\  more! She could also win an old ham, a coupon for a foot-long sub at a six-inch price, and a partially eaten pickle! In The Starving Games, Friedberg and Seltzer\  sixth cinematic spoof of box-office hits, the prolific parody duo has its sights trained on the adventure blockbuster The Hunger Games! It\  all the laughs and half the calories as they sling dozens of cock-eyed, barbed arrows at sci-fi, action and fantasy films from The Avengers and Oz the Great and Powerful to pop culture characters and celebrities like Harry Potter and Taylor Swift. Ketchup Entertainment', 'In this Hunger Games spoof, Kantmiss Evershot must fight for her life in the 75th annual Starving Games, where she could also win an old ham, a coupon for a foot-long sub, and a partially eaten pickle.']
['Edward Carnby, detective of the paranormal, unexplained and supernatural, investigates a mystery (the recent death of a friend) with clues leading to "Shadow Island" that brings him face to face with bizarre horrors that prove both psychologically disturbing and lethal, as he discovers that evil demons worshiped by an ancient culture called the Abskani are planning on coming back to life in the 21st century to once again take over the world... and only he and a young genius anthropologist with an incredible memory (and his ex-girlfriend), Aline Cedrac, stand in their way, at a gateway to hell. Standing in Carnby\  way, however, is the impact that a brief encounter with an evil spirit called the Queen had upon his mind, as he slowly finds himself overpowered by the forces of darkness as they eat away at his very sanity... Me', 'Investigating a supernatural force, Edward Carnby finds himself on the toughest case of his career. With an archaeologist helping him to trace his findings back through time for centuries, the mystery only gets more complicated the further they delve into it.', 'In 1967, mine workers find the remnants of an ancient vanished civilization named Abkani that believe there are the worlds of light and darkness. When they opened the gate between these worlds ten thousand years ago, something evil slipped through before the gate was closed. Twenty-two years ago, the Government Paranormal Research Agency Bureau 713 was directed by Professor Lionel Hudgens, who performed experiments with orphan children. On the present days, one of these children is the paranormal investigator Edward Carnby, who has just gotten an Abkani artifact in South America, and is chased by a man with abilities. When an old friend of foster house disappears in the middle of the night, he discloses that demons are coming back to Earth. With the support of the anthropologist Aline Cedrac and the leader of the Bureau 713, Cmdr. Richard Burke, and his squad, they battle against the evil creatures. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil',   detective of the paranormal slowly unravels mysterious events with deadly results.']
["Jack Carver, a German ex-special forces soldier turned boatman, is hired by Valerie Cardinal, a journalist, to take her to a nearby island where her uncle Max works in a top-secret research facility, smuggling information out. However, the facility  director and evil mastermind Dr. Krieger is actually creating genetically modified super-soldiers with no intelligence, and Uncle Max and Val are taken by Krieger  mercenaries. It  now only up to Jack and his trusty handgun to save them and defeat Krieger  evil minions. Lumos", "An adaptation of the first-person-shooter video game where Jack Carver, a retired Special Forces Officer who now is transport for hire, by people and cargo. On one particular trip Jack ferries a photographer 'Val' who wants to photograph old Japanese WW2 bases on some of the Micronesian islands. He goes through hell when his boat is attacked and destroyed by an unknown party while Val is away. Surviving by the skin of his teeth, he must now find Val and uncover what is truly happening on these dark and mysterious islands. farmidillo",  n ex-special forces soldier turned boatman is hired by a journalist to investigate a top-secret military base on a nearby island. Lumos']
[  horde of mutated birds descends upon the quiet town of Half Moon Bay, California. With the death toll rising, Two citizens manage to fight back, but will they survive Birdemic? jhansell-89168']
["#HORROR is a film about the lives of six young girls, Sam, Georgie, Sofia, Francesca, Cat and Eva played by our ensemble of emerging actresses. Their world is one of money, success, leisure and decadence. This is a film about the HORROR of cyberbullying. This film is an integral insight on the pressure that girls take on as they grow in a world that is increasingly dependent on the promotion and attention that social media platforms provide yet prevent bullying. as well as the roles that parents must play regarding controlling their child  use of the internet and bullying plays such a terrifying role in society. These young girls are telling this story inside a glass mansion, filled with millions of dollars of artwork, as if they were living in a contemporary art museum.",  ix preadolescent girls face a night of terror when the compulsive addiction of an online social media game turns a moment of cyber bullying into a night of insanity.']
["A sweet-natured Italian waiter named Pistachio Disguisey at his father Fabbrizio  restaurant, who happens to be a member of a family with supernatural skills of disguise. But moments later the patriarch of the Disguisey family is kidnapped Fabbrizio  former arch-enemy, Devlin Bowman, a criminal mastermind in an attempt to steal the world  most precious treasures from around the world. And it  up to Pistachio to track down Bowman and save his family before Bowman kills them! Anthony Pereyra (hypersonic91@yahoo.com)", "Pistachio Disguisey, a sweet-natured Italian server at his father Fabbrizio  restaurant, can't figure out why he compulsively mimics his customers and desires to change his appearance. What he doesn't know yet is that these traits are part of the Disguisey family secret legacy. The family come from a long line of masters of disguise who are able to mask themselves as almost anyone or anything by harnessing the great power of Energico. Such a talent makes Fabbrizio the kidnapping target of his former arch-enemy Devlin Bowman, a criminal mastermind. Now Pistachio must make the most of his inherited power in an attempt to track down Devilin and save his parents. Sujit R. Varma",  n Italian waiter fights off a criminal mastermind with his inherited powers of disguise.']
["A family driving through a small town gets lost and winds up at a backwoods shack managed by Torgo, who takes care of it while The Master is away. The Master worships Manos, an evil deity, and he also wears a neat cape. When Torgo lets the family stay, The Master awakens and does mean stuff like burning off Torgo  hand and sicking his dog on the family pet. Meanwhile, The Master  wives wrestle for his favor. Jeremy Yuenger ",   family (Michael, Margaret and Debbie) gets lost in the wastelands of El Paso. Stopping by at an inn to ask directions from the mysterious satyr Torgo who takes care of the place while the "Master" is away, the family soon stumbles upon a group of evil devil-worshipers who want them dead. Can Torgo, who fancies the wife in the family, save the day? Qrrbirbel',   family on vacation in the desert takes a wrong turn and ends up in an old dark house run by the creepy Torgo, who says he takes care of the place while The Master is away. As night falls the family is menaced by The Master and his wives, a supernatural cult that worships the evil deity known as Manos. Jeremy Lunt ',   family gets lost on the road and stumbles upon a hidden, underground, devil-worshiping cult led by the fearsome Master and his servant Torgo. Qrrbirbel']
['Farm boy Jack Cooper is drafted into the minor league Santa Rosa Rockets as a pitcher because of his rocket arm. He being drafted is despite he not having organized baseball experience at any level. He is nicknamed "Deuce" by his fellow players as the two finger signal is the catcher\  sign to throw a curve ball, Coop\  favorite and most killer pitch. But in the early going, Coop demonstrates that he chokes under pressure as throwing his famous curve ball usually results in an out-of-the-park home run. Kirby, the son of the team owner, purchases a chimpanzee as the team mascot, who the team members name Ed Sullivan. The coach, Chubb, "decides" that Ed will room with Coop, a move not without ulterior motives. Ed ends up being an overgrown kid in mentality, which makes him a pain for Coop to manage, leading to one misadventure after another for the pair. Ed not only is a fan of baseball, but has a rocket arm of his own. As such, Chubb also decides to use Ed as a player at third base, a move which galvanizes the team on their march toward the pennant. But when something happens to Ed, Coop has to try to save him, his friend and roommate, which may jeopardize his major league prospects. Through it all, Coop begins a romance with his next door neighbor, single mom Lydia, whose precocious adolescent daughter Lizzie, who along with Ed, seems know what\  better for Lydia and Coop than they do. Huggo',   trained chimpanzee plays third base for a minor-league baseball team.']
[ pring break in Miami is the scene. It\  where surf-drenched guys cruise girls in bikinis and raucous parties rule day and night. It\  the perfect time and place for three young women from Texas and a trio of college guys from Pennsylvania to find adventure and maybe even fall in love. In a Texas dive bar, Kelly is singing her heart out to a few local yokels when her best friends Kaya and Alexa try and tempt her away for some fun in the Florida sun. It\  an easy sell--even for the cautious Kelly - and the three head for Miami. Making their way to the same destination is the "Pennsylvania Posse": college students Justin, Brandon, and Eddie. Justin and Brandon are smooth-talking party promoters, while Eddie\  primed to meet Lizzie, the cyber dream girl he\  been e-mailing for months. Miami Beach, beating with a rhythm all its own, is teeming with beautiful people. Kelly\  friends are drawn into the beachside fun, while Kelly tentatively navigates a sea of strangers. When her eyes meet Justin\ , everything changes--in an instant. While Kaya and Alexa are content to survey the parade of eye candy, Kelly\  now only interested in the guy with the irresistible smile. The feeling is mutual, and Justin\  on fire. But as luck would have it, he loses Kelly\  number--and boy-crazy Alexa has already set her sights on Justin. She will stop at nothing--even betraying a friend--to nab Justin as her own. Will true love win out for the star-crossed Justin and Kelly? Sujit R. Varma',   waitress from Texas and a college student from Pennsylvania meet during spring break in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and come together through their shared love of singing. Daniel Jos. Leary']
["Shecky Moskowitz, a deservedly struggling young comedian, lands a menial job on a cruise ship as the Miss-Universe contest is being held on-board. The Big Man On Deck for this voyage is Dickie Diamond, the ship  comedian and all-around ladies' man. As an assorted array of thugs, Panamanian mercenaries and terrorists try to storm the ship, Shecky hopes for one big chance to prove himself and enter the exciting world of cruise ship comedy. Jean-Marc Rocher ",   struggling young comedian takes a menial job on a cruise ship where he hopes for his big chance to make it in the world of cruise ship comedy. ']
['Being a lone young boy in the \'hood" is dangerous and unpleasant. This is what Max experiences when he fools a gang of local toughs who cornered him at school. The gang finds out that the key he gave them is of no value in committing a robbery, and they chase him through the streets of his neighborhood, bent on revenge. He tries to escape by slipping into the open door of an old warehouse, but they follow him there, too. While running from them through aisles filled with all kinds of stuff, he bumps into an old boom box. By doing that, he manages to release Kazaam, a genie who has been held captive for thousands of years. In order to stay free, Kazaam must give Max three wishes. ',   troubled kid inadvertently releases a genie, who must grant him any three wishes he requests.']
[ fter many centuries, Hercules gets bored living in Olympus (the home of the great Greek gods) and decides to move to... New York. But obviously, it is not easy for a man who lived in ancient Greece to get used to modern life. So, things get a little tricky, especially when Zeus sends a few gods to bring his semi-god son back to mount Olympus. Chris Makrozahopoulos ', "The divine Hercules is bored by his life on mount Olympus and asks father Zeus for a vacation on Earth. His request is denied, but by an accident with one of Zeus' lightning bolts he  thrown into New York. His inexperience with civilization and his arrogance lead into problems - until a college professor  daughter helps him to acclimatize. He starts to like living on earth and wants to stay for longer, even when father Zeus sends Nemesis to punish him. Tom Zoerner ", 'Hercules (Schwarzenegger) is sent to Earth where he finds true love and starts a promising career in the bodybuilder business. Qrrbirbel']
['When the supermarket closes at night, the contents inside come to life! The shop becomes a living world for Dex Dogtective and all other creatures inside it at night time. However, with the new Brand X coming into the store, things take a turn for the worst.', 'The evil Brand X joins a supermarket that becomes a city after closing time. ']
["When an oil company unwittingly unleashes a prehistoric shark from its icy prison, the Jurassic killer maroons a group of thieves and beautiful young female college students on an abandoned piece of land. Unable to escape the fearsome beast, the two groups of strangers must put aside their differences and come together to fight off the extinct, ferocious monster while battling for their lives. What started out as some fun in the sun, ends up as a survival of the fittest as nature  cruelest creation has come back from extinction and he wants revenge!"]
['Dr. Elena Kinder and Dr. Heap work for BABYCO, the world\  leading manufacturer in baby products. What the public doesn\'t know, however, is that Dr. Kinder and Dr. Heap are secretly working on cracking the code to "baby talk" which is actually a highly sophisticated language which allows babies to communicate the knowledge of the secrets of the universe with which they are born. Problems arise when Sly, the smartest of the babies, escapes from the lab and unites the babies of the outside world to help free the babies trapped in the lab. Kinder and Heap must find Sly before it is too late. ', 'Two scientists, Dr. Elena Kinder and Dr. Heep use genius baby studies to fund their Babyco theme park. At age two, the children are due to \'cross over\', learn to talk, and forget their universal knowledge. One mischievous toddler, Sly, makes repeated attempts to escape the "Kinder" lab and one night, he actually succeeds. What Sly does not expect is to run into his twin, Whit, in a mall playground. Although Sly and Whit share a telepathic bond, they have no idea of each other\  existence. When the guards from the lab capture Whit, mistaken him for Sly, and take him back to the Kinder lab, Sly is taken home by Whit\  adopted mother, who has mistaken him for Whit. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com}',  cientist hold talking, super-intelligent babies captive, but things take a turn for the worse when a mix-up occurs between a baby genius and its twin. Qrrbirbel']
["Follows the tale of a young woman  sexual awakening and subsequent journey around the world in pursuit of her ideal lover. Encounters include an Arabian sheik and a Spanish bullfighter. Her friend and butler accompany her and help to arrange her couplings. Moderate nudity and soft-porn. Tony Bridges ",   1920s English heiress seeks ecstasy with a sheik in Morocco and a bullfighter in Spain.']
["In this high-adventure sequel the baby geniuses find themselves at the center of a nefarious scheme led by powerful media mogul Bill Biscane. Joining the babies in their battle against evil is a legendary baby named Kahuna. Part ultra-cool spy, part superhero, Kahuna joins babies Archie, Finkleman, Alex and Rosita in a race against time to stop the villainous Biscane from using his state-of-the-art satellite system to control the minds of the world  population. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com}", "A group of smart-talking toddlers find themselves at the center of a media mogul  experiment to crack the code to baby talk. The toddlers must race against time for the sake of babies everywhere. Sujit R. Varma"]
[ even disgusting kids but nevertheless of interesting personality are being made of the green mud coming out of garbage can. Once alive their master gives them rules to obey although they think that life is funnier without following stupid regulations like no television or no candy. Naturally this will cause some conflicts. Volker Boehm', 'Dodger must confront the struggles of life as he is visited by the Garbage Pail Kids and intimidated by some older bullies.']
['Daddy Day Care pals Charlie and Phil are back in this hilarious, all-new adventure: Daddy Day Camp! When the dads expand their childcare magic to underdog Camp Driftwood, they discover that teamwork, combined with some down-right crazy antics, is the right mix to give the kids an unforgettable camp experience! ',  eeking to offer his son the satisfying summer camp experience that eluded him as a child, the operator of a neighborhood daycare center opens his own camp, only to face financial hardship and stiff competition from a rival camp. ']
["Bastian  dream to get a sibling becomes true when his father re-marries, but soon he has trouble with his new stepsister Nicole and with a gang of school bullies, the Nasties. Hiding in the school library, Bastian finds his favorite book of THE NEVERENDING STORY, where it is later found by Slip, the gang leader. The latter recognizes the power of the book and begins to form Fantasia after his bad intentions. When the chaos becomes worse the Child-like Empress requests Bastian to move back to the real world, get the book back and save Fantasia. Accidentally some Fantasia characters travel with him to reality, but get lost in different places. Meanwhile Slip and the other Nasties spread anarchy. Finally, Bastian gets support from Nicole, who begins to believe in the power of Fantasia. Tom Pfeifer ",   young boy must restore order when a group of bullies steal the magical book that acts as a portal between Earth and the imaginary world of Fantasia. ~AleXa~']
['In this fast action-packed thriller, Jonathan (Chris Klein), Marcus (LL Cool J), and Aurora (Rebecca Romijn) compete in a dangerous, fierce sport called Rollerball. Although, Johnathan and Marcus try to quit, cruel and vindictive promoter Alexi Petrovich (Jean Reno) encourages them to still participate. Petrovich sends his men to attack them while they are on a trip, but Johnathan survives. In the end during a game of Rollberball, Petrovich attempts a public execution of Johnathan, but the question is will Johnathan get revenge. Clifton Baird', "Johnathan Cross, a lover of extreme sports, is recruited by Alexi Petrovich to star in his sportive invention, Rollerball. Johnathan accepts and learns the ropes of Rollerball: The players are on Rollerblades, trying to bring a heavy metal ball into a high goal. Also, there are motorcyclists around to bring momentum to the players. Oh yes, and there are no rules in the game. During his skyrocketing career, Johnathan has to experience what Alexi has found out: Blood brings more viewing pleasure to the audience. So, Alexi starts to bribe members of the different teams to cause more trouble than necessary on the field, and the viewers love it. Only a little later, Johnathan  life is already in extreme danger as well as those of his friends and teammates. In a final game, Johnathan and his team have to fight for mere survival against their real opponent - their boss Alexi Petrovich. Julian Reischl ", 'The big thing in 2005 is a violent sport which can have some pretty serious consequences... like dying. Dancing Potato']
["At popular South Beach University (Miami), filthy rich super-snob Victoria English is the absolute queen of leading Greek student club, Sigma Sigma. In order to achieve her crowning ambition, winning FHM Magazine  annual best sorority, she must recruit atypical  igmies' to fulfill the diversity criteria. Ambitious sycophant pledge Kristen Haas helps her attract 'losers' (too poor, ugly, unfashionable), who are cruelly put through excruciating hazing, without intent to actually enroll them. Gloria, the brightest and most assertive pledge, wins the heart of Derek 'baby Dick', Victoria  ideal, yet constantly abused boyfriend, whose bitch-addiction is cured by this alternative lover. Together they lead the revolt of the not-even-nerds. KGF Vissers", 'Victoria English is the wealthy and snobbish president of Gamma Gamma sorority of South Beach University in Miami, Florida. When Victoria learns that FHM Magazine is nominating them for "Best Sorority of the Year" with her being on the front cover of the next issue, Victoria plots to have more "diverisifed" co-eds pledge her sorority to integrate her all-blond and wealthy sorority. One of Victoria\  pledges, Kristen Haas, suggests her ex-friend Gloria to pledge and who brings along six of her misfit dorm mates whom include; DJ spinner Monique; an Indian exchange student nicknamed PooPoo; divorce Kathy, whom is seeking to relive her youth by going back to college; fat Southern belle Maxine; weird goth girl Babs; and suicide-chick Tonya. The seven pledges are force to go through the most outrageous initiations to be accepted. But when they learn that it was all an act, Gloria teams up with Victoria\  boyfriend, Derek, to settle the score. ',  t South Beach University, a beautiful sorority president takes in a group of unconventional freshman girls seeking acceptance into her house. ']
["A group of friends move into a vacation home with a sinister past in Fall River, Massachusetts. Suspicious of the home  owner, Taryn feels a strong connection to the house and finds herself at the center of one of the most deadly poltergeists in American history. Nicole Holland", 'The college friends Taryn, her brother Michael, his girlfriend Niki, Jenna and Stacey move to comfortable rooms in a house in Fall River, Massachusetts. The owner, Dianna Eastbrock, receives them and soon Taryn feels that something strange is happening in the house. She investigates and learns that two tragedies happened in the house in 04 August 1892 and 1992. Now 04 August is coming and Taryn feels that she is connected to the mysterious house. What is the secret of the house? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil']
[ n outrageous cut-rate producer, Charlie LaRue (Christopher Meloni) is about to fulfill his lifelong dream to make a movie about the most offensive, dirtiest jokes ever told. As Charlie and his filmmaking team hilariously struggle to write a script and assemble their award-winning cast, the movie-within-a-movie emerges with one dirty joke after another. Only one can take the crown for writing the dirtiest joke ever told and Charlie will do whatever he can to be that king. Elizabeth, Marketing Manager',  n outrageous cut-rate producer, Charlie LaRue is about to fulfill his lifelong dream to make a movie about the most offensive, dirtiest jokes ever told. Flim Flam Films, LLC']
['Jimmy Cuervo is a down-on-his-luck ex-con living in a polluted mining town on a reservation that would run him out of town if not for the remainder of his probation. With his time nearly finished, he plans to start a new life with his girlfriend Lily , and leave the town for good. But Luc Crash and Lola Byrne head up a local gang of local Satanists who murder Jimmy and Lily in a brutally ritualistic slaying that they hope will conjure the rebirth of the Antichrist. When the legend of the Crow returns Jimmy from the dead, Jimmy heads out on a one-man path of vengeance that will lead him to El Nino, the leader of the gang that Luc and Lola are in. Todd Baldridge', "The fourth installment of The Crow series, Luc Crash, the leader of a satanic gang of bikers murder a young man named Jimmy Cuervo and his girlfriend Lily for the purpose of a ritual to make Crash an immortal demon. Cuervo rises from the dead with the power of the crow to avenge his girlfriend  death, and to stop the completion of the ritual. Ace", 'Wicked Prayer," follows Luc Crash, the charismatic gang leader of a ragtag band of Satanist bikers named after the Four Horseman of the Apocalypse. Luc murders Jimmy Cuervo (Furlong) and his girlfriend Lily as part of a ritual to become an immortal demon, but Luc finds that Jimmy has been transformed into the avenging spirit known at The Crow, intent on stopping Luc before he can become the Lord of the Flies. Bubba',  et in the Southwest, "Prayer" tells the story of ex-con Jimmy Cuervo (Furlong) and his girlfriend, Lily (Chriqui), who are murdered by Luc Crash (Boreanaz) and his satanic gang Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse as part of a ritual for Crash to become an immortal demon. The Movieman', 'On his way to becoming an immortal demon, a gang leader orchestrates the murder of an ex-con and his girlfriend.']
['Todd Howard is a struggling teenager. Nothing seems to be going very well for him, until he turns into a wolf. David Landers ']
["Several boats are torn apart, badly wrecked corpses are washed ashore... something horrible is out in the Caribbean sea. The teeth marks on the bodies don't lead to any known animal, so scientist Dr. Stella Dickens suspects it  a so far unknown life form and strives to catch it alive. She doesn't know yet that ruthless scientists have genetically created this creature as a bioweapon, or that it has been designed to reproduce by asexual means. And that the company she works for created the creature and will stop at nothing to keep their secret. Tom Zoerner ",   marine biologist, a dolphin trainer, a research scientist, and a local sheriff try to hunt down a large sea monster, a shark/octopus hybrid, that is devouring swimmers and fishermen off a south Florida coast. Matt Patay']
['When John travels to Paris to attend an art sale hosted by his old flame, he begins a torrid affair with a gorgeous woman (Angie Everhart) who used to be her best friend. As the erotic tension between them builds, John finds himself drawn into a dangerous new obsession. Lionsgate']
['The Russians need help in dealing with the Mafia and so they seek help with the veterans of the Police Academy (1984). They head off to Moscow, in order to find evidence against Konstantine Konali, who marketed a computer game that everyone in the world is playing. With a sequel to the game he wants to put backdoors in all computer systems on which it gets installed, thus providing access to the police and other government systems. Thomas Meyer ', 'Russian mafia boss Konstantine Konali is laundering money under the guise of a legitimate business. The business: a highly addictive video game that allows him to bring down almost any security system controlled by a computer on which the game has been played, with a string of major robberies as the result. Desperate to nail Konali, Commandant Alexandrei Nikolaivich Rakov sends for help from America. Rakov decides to bring in someone he met at a convention a month ago. This person is Commandant Eric Lassard. Lassard briefs his team about the mission in Russia, then they head to Moscow. Along with Lassard in Moscow are Sergeant Larvelle Jones, Sergeant Eugene Tackleberry, Captain Debbie Callahan, Cadet Kyle Connors, and Captain Thaddeus Harris. As they plan to nail Konali, he has cooked up a new scheme -- create an even better version of the Game by making it good enough to bring down absolutely any computer security system in the world, including the systems that protect the databases that belong to world powers. Todd Baldridge', 'The Russian government hires the veterans of the Police Academy (1984) to help deal with the Mafia. ']
["The old teen rebel saga is updated for the rap crowd, unfortunately rapper Vanilla Ice is the teen. Ice shows up on a neon-yellow motorcycle which gets everyone  attention, including the female honor student who has never had a rebellious bone in her body. John Sacksteder ",   rap-oriented remake of The Wild One (1953), with heavy emphasis on the fact that Vanilla Ice has assumed the Marlon Brando role. Duke']
['John Henry Irons designs weapons for the military. When his project to create weapons that harmlessly neutralize soldiers is sabotaged, he leaves in disgust. When he sees gangs are using his weapons on the street, he uses his brains and his Uncle Joe\  junkyard know-how to fight back, becoming a real man of "steel." Thomas Pluck ', 'John Henry Irons is a weapons designer for the United States military. When his project to create weapons that harmlessly neutralize soldiers is eradicated, he resigns in disgust. When he sees criminal gangs are using the weapons that he helped manufacture on the street, he uses his resources and his Uncle Joe\  equipment in his junkyard to fight back against the man who\  been selling them to those gangs: Nathaniel Burke. John Henry Irons, creates an alter ego, a super-hero known as "Steel," to combat an evil street gang. In order to do so, he uses the resources that are available to him to forge himself a suit of armor and the weaponry necessary to carry out his war on crime. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com}']
['Evil assassins want to kill Daniel Kublbock, the third runner up for the German Idols. ']
["Rayne fights against the Nazis in Europe during World War II, encountering Ekart Brand, a Nazi leader whose target is to inject Adolf Hitler with Rayne  blood in an attempt to transform him into a dhampir and attain immortality. Michael Lauzon", 'In the World War II, the Damphir Rayne fights against Nazis and joins the group of resistance led by Nathaniel Gregor. When they attack a train expecting to find weapons, they find people that are going to a concentration camp. Rayne is shot by a soldier and her blood drops on the face of Commandant Ekart Brand. She kills him but he turns into a powerful vampire. Now Rayne needs to fix the problem, otherwise Hitler may achieve her power with the research of Doctor Mangler. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil']
["One of the funniest films featured on Mystery Science Theater 3000 in the Emmy Award nominated show  11-year run, Space Mutiny is a hilariously bad sci-fi epic that  guaranteed to have you in stitches. Combine a wardrobe of spandex and tinfoil; a set boasting AstroTurf and spray-painted floor buffers; and special effects that, well, aren't so special, and you've got one of the most hysterical cheeseball movies to ever come out of the '80s. Grab your friends and have a riot with this underground cult hit! Echo Bridge Home Entertainment", "The story of a group of people who want to get off their space ship and land on a planet - any planet, but are having troubles with a group of other folks on board who want to sabotage the ship to make it land on a planet - any planet. It  up to Buff McLarge Huge and the power of yelling to save the... I guess day. dylan-burke-bowman", "In the distant future in deep space, the large colony spaceship Southern Sun travels through the galaxy. On board, the evil Kalgan (John Philip Law) and his men take control of the ship through a violent and explosive mutiny. Kalgan  plan is to scrap the ship and sell the passengers into slavery. One man, (Reb Brown) decides to make a stand and encourages others to fight against Kalgan  rebels. Armed with laser cannons and neutron grenades, he leads the Commander  daughter and a handful of soldiers into a blasting battle to re-take the ship. Larry B.",   pilot is the only hope to stop the mutiny of a spacecraft by its security crew, who plot to sell the crew of the ship into slavery. Kyle Palkowski']
["Living in small town Iowa, Bucky Larson is a simple minded, uneducated, beaver toothed young man still living with his protective parents, Jeremiah and Debbie Larson. Initially saddened when he is fired from his job as a bagger at a supermarket, he eventually sees it as a sign that he is destined for greatness in some other field. Based on some information he learns, Bucky believes that destiny is to become a porn star, despite he being a virgin and only having recently learned what masturbation is. With his parents' blessing, Bucky hops on a bus to Los Angeles to make it big there as a porn star. He is taken under the wings of a few people in LA. On the professional side, he meets the reigning king of porn, Dick Shadow, who only sees in Bucky a laughing stock. But washed up porn director Miles Deep stumbles across what he sees as an untapped niche market for Bucky  limited talents. Miles has the challenge of trying to convince investors who only see in Bucky the antithesis of porn. On the personal side, Bucky befriends a young diner waitress Kathy McGee, who helps Bucky find a place to live - albeit with an insensitive oaf named Gary who only wants to get into Kathy  pants - and navigate general life in the big city. Kathy, however, is facing her own demons in working toward her destiny, those demons which Bucky hopes he can help her beat down. Huggo",   kid from the Midwest moves out to Hollywood in order to follow in his parents footsteps -- and become a porn star. ']
['Two friends discover a puzzle box in Mexico, which unleashes cenobite Pinhead. XoLWoX', "The best friends Steven Craven and Nico Bradley travel to Mexico to have fun. They meet a vagrant in a bar that gives a puzzle box to Nico. When he opens the device, he finds that it is a key to hell. Nico brings Pinhead that inflicts pain to him and Steven and the youngsters vanish. Later, in Los Angeles, Dr. Ross Craven, his wife Sarah and their daughter Emma receive Peter and Kate Bradley to have dinner. Both families miss Steven and Nico and they hired a private detective to seek them out, but he only finds Nico  backpack. When Emma snoops around the backpack, she finds the puzzle box and out of the blue, Steven returns covered of blood. But soon they discover that it is not Steven  soul that is inside his body. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil"]
['It\  1940 and the German army is oozing their ickiness across the European continent, indiscriminately slaughtering thousands. On the Eastern Front, a motley group of Resistance Fighters, led by Nathaniel (Brendan Fletcher) and "Vadge" (Willam Belli), struggle valiantly against the Nazi scourge. The German army, headed by the Commandant (Michael Par), shadow puppet master, a mad, showtunes-singing Doctor (Clint Howard), and the newly-addicted-to-blood Lieutenant (Steffen Mennekes), threatens to eradicate the Resistance. But coming to the rescue is Blubberella. Half vampire, half woman, and all trouble, Blubberella loves nothing better than killing Nazis and a substantial turkey on rye. She has moved through the centuries destroying nasties and their like while perfecting the ultimate cotton candy recipe. Blubberella and the Commandant face each other in a rail car and after a unseemly exchange of bodily fluids, the Commandant becomes infected by Blubberella and, unknown to her, begins his transformation into a powerful day-walking vampire. Now Blubberella faces her greatest foe in her valiant struggle against tyranny and creatively used kitchen implements - a legion of undead Nazi soldiers and their ruthless leaders. Along the way she\'ll lock horns with her oppressive mama, cross-dressing resistance fighters, dodgy S&M games, and even Hitler and his mad boardgame-playing skills. Blubberella. She\  coming big time. ',  n action comedy centered on an overweight woman whose footsteps cause explosions and whose dual swords are used against anyone who makes fun of her. ']
[  comedic spoof based on the worldwide phenomenon, The Twilight Saga. Elizabeth Obermeier, Marketing Manager']
["This is the story of Doogal, an adorable candy-loving mutt who goes on a mission to save the world. Doogal must prevent the evil sorcerer Zeebad from freezing the earth forever with the power of the three mysterious legendary diamonds. Joining Doogal on his big quest are pals Dylan, a guitar-playing rabbit, Ermintrude, an opera-singing cow, and Brian, a bashful snail. Hopping on a magic train, they travel over ice-capped mountains, navigate fiery pits of lava, and sail across vast oceans on the perilous journey of a lifetime. Along the way, they learn that the most powerful weapon of all is their friendship - which even Zeebad  magic cannot destroy! Anthony Pereyra ", "Legend tells of three magic diamonds that, if in the wrong hands, can be united to create a force powerful enough to freeze the sun. When the evil sorcerer Zeebad escapes from his ancient prison, he vows to exact revenge by deep-freezing the earth forever. Determined to save the world, a fellowship of four unlikely heroes band together to foil Zeebad  villainous plot. Led by the candy-loving mutt Doogal, friends Dylan, Brian, and Ermintrude all embark on an epic adventure to save the world. In order to find the diamonds before Zeebad, they must climb icy mountains, navigate fiery pits of molten lava, sail across vast oceans and pass through a booby-trapped temple guarded by an army of ninja skeleton warriors. Along the way they learn that the most powerful weapon is their friendship - which even Zeebad  evil magic cannot destroy. -jb-"]
["Pat Riley, an obnoxious busybody of undeterminable sex, meets and falls in love with Chris, a sensitive, caring person also of undeterminable sex. Their relationship suffers because Pat  a lout, and cannot decide on a direction for its life. Meanwhile, Pat  neighbor Kyle falls further and further into obsession with Pat, fascinated by its indeterminate sexuality. James Meek ", 'The comedic misadventures of a person of indeterminate gender. Daniel Jos. Leary']
["In the year 2154, a group of young men and women awake in a dark claustrophobic maze. They don't remember who they are or how they got stuck in the Black Labyrinth of ANDRON. The group must learn to decipher codes, understand the signals and beat the tests in this mysterious and bizarre place. Out of necessity they struggle to form a bond to survive, while the outside world watches and wagers on their fate.",   group of people are plunged into a dark, claustrophobic maze, where they must fight to survive, as the outside world watches.']
[ n animated retelling of the worst passenger ship disaster in history. In this version, love blossoms between the upper-class Sir William and the blue-collar Angelica, who is hoping to find romance in America. At the same time, there are also a number of animal passengers, including talking dogs, cats and mice, who are also looking forward to arriving in the New World. Jean-Marc Rocher ',   Cinderella meets her Prince Charming on the ill-fated Titanic. Along for the ride are a rapping dog, other talking animals, and an assortment of wacky humans. ']
['When a group of nerds leak a washed-up celebrity\  sex tape, the publicity revives the actress\  career and other Hollywood rejects want to star in the guys next "production." ']
["Three young boys, Rocky, Colt and Tum Tum together with their neighbor girl, computer whiz Amanda are visiting Mega Mountain amusement park when it is invaded by an army of ninjas led by evil Medusa, who wants to take over the park and hold the owners for ransom. Kids and retired TV star Dave Dragon, who made his farewell appearance at the park at the time the ninjas appeared, have to break Medusa  vicious plans. "]
['Izna, a porn star, is tasked by an Indian Intelligence Agency to seduce her ex-boyfriend Kabir, a dreaded assassin, in order to steal vital information relating to his sleeper cell contacts. alex.mjacko@gmail.com']
['Four bodies are found in New York City. Why, why, why? The coincidence? They all died 48 hours after logging on to a site named feardotcom.com. Tough detective Mike Reilly collaborates with Department of Health associate Terry Huston to research these mysterious deaths. The only way to find out though what really happened is to enter the site itself... SomethingSage',   New York City detective investigates mysterious deaths occurring 48 hours after users log onto a site named feardotcom.']
['Enes Batur has to decide between going to college or being a professional Youtuber.']
[  platoon of eagles and vultures attack Hollywood, California. Why did the eagles and vultures attack? Who will survive? Moviehead Pictures']
["When a rap mogul from Atlanta tries to join a conservative country club in the Carolinas he runs into fierce opposition from the board President- but it  nothing that he and his entourage can't handle. Darcy Silverman"]
['When school is out, Fred Figglehorn experiences a summer camp nightmare. Ion Hambone']
[ fter "hooking up" with a series of guys at a house party, April is the talk of her high school. Her best friend Michelle, envious of all of April\  attention, decides to try and follow in her footsteps and become more sexually forward. At the same time, their mutual friend Caroline has become so infatuated with her older boyfriend Ryan that she doesn\'t realize he\  just using her. All the while, John, spends the week informing his two best friends, Colin (April\  repressed and confused brother) and Tyler (the subject of Michelle\  crush), about obscure sexual urban legends he reads about online, that just somehow end up managing to come true. Throw in the naive principal Dr. Jordan, who also happens to be Michelle\  father, and Mr. Kimbal, a chemistry teacher trying desperately to dodge repeated seduction attempts from his students. ', 'In this over-the-top comedy, the relationships of three girls and fours guys - in affluent, adolescent suburban reality - intersect through the topsy-turvy world of love, power...and hooking up. ']
["In this comedy film, a computer tablet full of the world  most hilariously offensive apps breaks through the borders of political correctness, stirring up cultural anarchy. Production"]
["An underwater earthquake cracks open a crater deep beneath the ocean  surface unleashing a prehistoric predator. On the sleepy island of White Sands, local teens drink and party beside a beach bonfire. One of them wanders off after a pretty girl and disappears, leaving only a severed hand behind. Deeww",   shark who swims in sand terrorizes a tropical paradise. Bob']
['Two of three powerful artifacts allow Rugal Bernstein, a man of evil intent, to enter and control an alternate dimension where gamers have been entering into martial arts combat for fun. From there, he awaits adversaries, killing them rather than defeating them so that he alone will remain as The King of Fighters. As Rugal possesses lesbian lovers Vice and Mature to aid him, undercover CIA agent Mai Shiranui teams up with Iori Yagami and Kyo Kusanagi to stop him before he can unleash a dread spirit named Orochi upon Mankind. statmanjeff', 'Live-action feature based on the video game "King of Fighters". ']
[  group of passionate European mavericks join forces on an ambitious project: the Federation Internationale of Football Association (FIFA). An epic, untold story that brings to life the inspiring saga of the World cup and the three determined men who created it. Driven by their vision and passion, Jules Rimet, Joao Havelange and Sepp Blatter, overcame their doubts and fought obstacles and scandals to make the World Cup a reality. Spanning the tumultuous 20th Century, this timeless saga celebrates the game that, despite it all, became not just a worldwide sport, but an expression of hope, spirit, and unity... Thelma Films', 'Follows the passing of the FIFA baton through three association presidents: Jules Rimet, Joao Havelange, and Sepp Blatter.']
[ uffering from amnesia, a young man trying to discover his true identity is kidnapped by an underground crime organization and turned into a ruthless assassin. ']
['Mom and dad dump son Cody, daughter Abby, her best friend Marcella and a baby on the farm with Grandpa and Grandma. Purple dinosaur Barney soon appears to entertain kids, and when a large colorful egg deposited on a farm by a shooting star is accidentally carted off, Barney and kids start their chase for it. ', "Mom and Dad dumps their son Cody, (all sunglasses and high-tops, a study in carefully choreographed cool, has no use for such childish folly). Their daughter Abby, her best friend Marcella and a baby on the farm with Grandpa and Grandma for a couple of days. Meanwhile a Purple talking dinosaur Barney. But Barney and his pals and Cody included (since he had to join forces with them for the first time), takes a trip and find that a magical egg--which is due to hatch any moment--is missing and it was no ordinary egg which people eat for breakfast it  a dream maker which has a creature inside. And it  up to Barney and the others to get the egg back in the farm before sunset. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com}"]
['In a future town a female police detective (Whoopi Goldberg) has to colaborate with Theodore Rex, a genetically generated Tyrannosaurus Rex, in order to investigate the murder of another dinosaure. Volker Boehm', 'In an alternate futuristic society, a tough female police detective is paired with a talking dinosaur to find the killer of dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals leading them to a mad scientist bent on creating a new Armageddon. ']
['In the year 3000, the deep space salvage ship Mother III locates the vanished starship Demeter in the Carpathian System. Captain Abraham Van Helsing and his crew composed of the blonde assistant Aurora Ash; the crippled navigator Arthur "The Professor" Holmwood, who believes that he is a genius; the strong and dumb Humvee; the intern Mina Murry; and the drug addicted 187, decide to claim the possession of Demeter. While exploring the spacecraft, they see a tape of fifty years ago of Captain Varna telling that he was locked in his cabin since his crew was acting weird after getting a cargo of coffins in Transylvania station. When 187 decides to search in the coffins for some possible hidden dope, he cuts his hand and his blood awakes Count Orlock, a.k.a. Count Dracula. When Aurora discloses who Dracula is, the survivors try to find a way to destroy the vampire. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', "One thousand years into the future, and somewhere in the far reaches of outer space, a terrifying legend lives on. It  the year 3000 AD. A salvage ship on a routine interstellar mission discovers the drifting, silent hulk of the off-world space transporter Demeter, reported missing 100 years earlier. Excited by the prospects of quick financial gain from towing back and trading in the old vessel, Mina, Van Helsing and the rest of their crew boldly board the abandoned ship, hoping to recover any valuable freight left onboard. But as they explore its cold, empty passageways, they become aware of a terrible secret. First Mina uncovers Demeter  mysterious cargo - 50 long, black coffins. Then, one by one the crew begins to disappear or turn against one another, until there can be no doubt that an ancient curse lives on in the bowels of this once-great ship, awaiting its next victim. In the blackness of space the sun never rises, the ideal environment for the immortal vampire to spread his evil. For the survivors, the only hope for salvation is a desperate race across the universe, rocketing at the speed of light, praying that they'll reach the welcoming rays of the Twin Suns of Halbron...before it  too late. KLange", 'Count Dracula terrorizes the crew of a spaceship. ']
["After narrowly escaping an ancient burial ground, long forgotten and buried underneath the marshes of Cape Cod, a group of friends emerge from the thick, marshy darkness, tattered and bloody, lucky to be alive. They have already lost two of their friends in the marsh, presumably dead. They stumble upon an empty Cape Cod vacation house alongside the foggy marsh and break in to take shelter. Whatever was in the marsh is still after them and soon after one of them goes for help, the rest of the group learns that the evil in the marsh is not the only thing that wants them dead. Something worse, something more savage, was lying in wait just outside the marsh, in the house. What happens next is unspeakable, horror that cannot be unseen. These unlucky travelers spend their St. Patrick  Day trapped between two evils forcing them to fight, die, or go back the way they came. Steve Wolsh",  fter narrowly escaping an ancient burial ground, a group of friends find themselves trapped between two evils, forcing them to fight, die, or go back the way they came. Steve Wolsh']
[ lien creatures kill a mutated alien creature in the California desert. Its remains, and the high-tech laser gun and power source accidentally left behind, are found by an ostracized teenager. However, the power source causes the teenager to mutate too, and he goes on a murderous rampage. Leo L. Schwab ',   teenager stumbles upon an alien weapon, which transforms him into a grotesque killer.']
["Irreverent as ever, Larry The Cable Guy plays a big city health inspector who  happy with his usual beat of greasy spoon diners and low-rent ethnic restaurants. His easygoing life is turned upside-down when he  saddled with a straight-arrow rookie partner (Iris Bahr) and assigned the biggest case of his career: investigating an outbreak of mysterious food poisonings at the city  swankiest restaurants. Infuriating restaurateurs with his bad manners, Larry still manages to charm a sweet, shy waitress (Megyn Price) into a budding romance. But when his unorthodox methods cost him his job, Larry has to go undercover to bring the conspirators to justice and 'Git-R-Done!' ",   slovenly cable repairman becomes a big city Health Inspector, and is tasked with uncovering the source of a food poisoning epidemic. Jojo Mac']
['Granger - a warrior in medieval times - is sent on a quest to fulfill an ancient prophecy. Venturing through the now war torn Kingdom of Ehb, he teams up with an unlikely band of allies with the goal of slaying the leader of the "Dark Ones". Fighting against all odds, they must free the land from the grasp of the evil tyrant Raven and save the world. Phase 4 Films',  n ex-Special Forces soldier gets thrown back to medieval times to fulfill an ancient prophecy and ends up finding redemption for his own battlefield experiences. ']
["The CIA asks for ex-spy Leonard  help in stopping an evil force that is brainwashing small animals into killing people. Leonard, however, has his own problems to deal with: winning back his ex-wife. Murray Chapman ", "After separating from his wife, Leonard Parker (Cosby) quit the spy business and became a restaurateur. His wife refuses to speak with him, and his daughter, who changes her career more often than her clothes, has begun dating a man old enough to be Leonard  father! On top of it all, the government has asked him to come back and save the world again. The evil Medusa Johnson (Foster) has hypnotized animals into doing her bidding, and plans to use them to take over the world! It  up to Leonard to save the world, as only he can battle her Vegetarians and man-eating rabbits! Mike Lira",   secret agent is called out of retirement to save the world from an evil genius. crow_steve@hotmail.com']
["When a young Prince and his trusted aid learn of a beautiful Princess  cursed eternal slumber, they embark on a journey to rescue her. They must battle an evil queen and legions of undead monsters before she will be free. "]
["A porn actor uses his fellow adult movie stars in creating a fake traditional family, in order to impress his girlfriend  conservative father."]
["A psychotic police officer who murders his female arrests gets what  coming to him when a horde of zombified women rise from their graves to seek revenge. HarveyStewart"]
['When a deadly zombie virus infects a school in Germany it remains on the student Leo to save the world.']
[  young girl, Michele, is persuaded by a disreputable agent-type to leave her job as a waitress and travel to Los Angeles to become a go-go dancer. There, she must compete with the established top star, Joan, and eventually ends up taking her place.',   young woman leaves her job as a waitress and travels to Los Angeles, where she strives to become the top star in the glamorous world of go-go dancing. crow_steve@hotmail.com']
["It  Spring Break at a US ski field. The resorts visitors and staff are attacked by snow sharks who were summoned to the mountain by vengeful American Indian sharmans long ago. The staff and some spring breakers battle the cursed ice-sharks to survive in the snow and escape the mountain.",  valanche Sharks tells the story of a bikini contest that turns into a horrifying affair when it is hit by a shark avalanche. Thanasis Milios']
["A surfer and inventor Edison is chosen by his roommates to raise rent with his outrageous (and absurd) inventions. There  no luck in job interviews until he meets billionaire Armand McMillan, who likes him, and leaves his company after his death to Edison. Edison has a lot of success with his inventions while the company  competitors do all they can to destroy him. ",   surfer becomes the head of a major company. ']
['Wanda is a shy plain girl with a very boring life. When her father, an archaeologist, disappears on an expedition, she flies out to look for him. She ends up in an underground world, where no one believes in a surface world. Except for the secret police, who think she and her fathers are spies. Brian W Martz ',   nerdy teen-age girl goes looking for her missing archaeologist father, and stumbles into a strange subterranean civilization. crow_steve@hotmail.com']
['Inspired by true events of 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash in Smolensk, the film tells the fictional story of crash and various people affected by the tragedy. The protagonist is a journalist Nina, who refuses to accept the official version of the story and pursues her own independent investigation. bart&Tom']
["Jobe is resuscitated by Jonathan Walker. He wants Jobe to create a special computer chip that would connect all the computers in the world into one network, which Walker would control and use. But what Walker doesn't realize is a group of teenage hackers are on to him and out to stop his plan. AC"]
['Eric, a highly-gifted golfer but radically-undisciplined college undergrad, finds his world drastically altered after losing a golf bet to a pair of sadistic plastic surgeons. Eric\  bad-boy attitude lifestyle comes to a screeching halt as he loses his money, his girlfriend, his dignity and his golf swing. Eric and his best friend Tyler decide to take on the doctors, in a final golf match of "Best-Ball" to get his life back and become the man he should have been all along. Mark Maine']
["Based in Calcutta during its most unsettled times in the 1970s, the film deals with the inseparable life of Bikram and Bala. The story of 2 boys, boys who became refugees. Refugees who became gun couriers. Gun couriers who became coal bandits, coal bandits who became Calcutta  most loved, most celebrated, most reckless, most fearless, Most Powerful! A story of two happy-go-lucky renegades who came to be known as... GUNDAY! Yash Raj Films", 'Bikram and Bala are two friends who strive through hardships during the 1971 India and Bangaldesh partition. They come to Calcutta where they are tormented. They opt to become rulers rather than being ruled. They both fall for the same girl, Nandini. Sunny Mukherjee', "The lives of Calcutta  most powerful Gunday - Bikram and Bala, changes when Nandita enters it. Then a counter-force takes charge and a thriller unfolds. Official Source"]
['Friends get together for a night out in a bar. Life is wonderful as a couple share their proposal moment. When, suddenly strange things start to happen. Loss of power. Throughout the city. No phones, no lights, just darkness as the friends try to cope. Then an invasion from UFOs, big ones! The sky is darkened by the ships of the alien invaders. The takeover of planet Earth has begun as the five friends struggle to survive amid the chaos and calamity. Will love survive the terror? Kris', 'The real "battle" is the insurgence within mankind itself. Tem\'Mun\'']
['Follows the plot of Pulp Fiction (1994). Scenes from other movies are also parodied.']
[  grandfather mouse tells his grandchildren the "real" story of the Titanic disaster, including himself, evil sharks, a giant octopus, and an evil whaling scheme. ']
['Glendon Wasey is a fortune hunter looking for a fast track out of China. Gloria Tatlock is a missionary nurse seeking the curing powers of opium for her patients. Fate sets them on a hectic, exotic, and even romantic quest for stolen drugs. But they are up against every thug and smuggler in Shangai. Mehmet Karaca ']
['Teens trapped on an island are haunted by a demon hidden inside...a pinata. CooLwACK']
['On his way to California, Jodie decides on a whim to make a brief side trip to a farm, where he meets and falls in love with Melissa, the proverbial farmer\  daughter. Or so it seems. In between the overlong dramatic pauses, we learn that Melissa is in fact a 120-year-old witch, and her remarkably spry "great-grandmother," Lucinda, is actually her sister, who has been pitchforking people to death in her spare time. When Lucinda murders a local policeman, things start to get real complicated for Jodie. Leo L. Schwab ',   young man meets a farm girl who is actually a witch. crow_steve@hotmail.com']
[  black hole hits North Wisconsin and opens a door to other dimensions. Giant 15 meter spiders emerge from it, who have an appetite for human flesh! Dr. Jenny Langer and Dr. Vance from the NASA try to save the world. Tom Zoerner ', 'Giant spiders from another dimension invade Wisconsin. scrow@chop.isca.uiowa.edu']
[ fter a stint in a psychiatric hospital, a young woman returns to the house where her father killed the entire cast of The Artist during his exorcism. ']
[  group of hobgoblins, who allow you to live out your fantasies but kill you in the process, escape from a studio vault, and a security guard and his friends must stop them before dawn. Brendan Dillon ',   young security guard must track down diminutive aliens who kill people even as they make their fantasies come true. Shannon Patrick Sullivan ']
["In Detroit, Janet Slate is happy since she has just rented the apartment 1303 of the Lake View Residence and will leave her alcoholic mother Maddie Slate. She calls her sister Lara to tell the news and she meets the girl Emily, who is her next door neighbor. Emily tells her that a girl, Jennifer, has killed her mother many years ago and jumped off the balcony, committing suicide. She also tells her to leave the apartment. Janet hears strange noises in the apartment and she calls her boyfriend Mark Taylor to spend the night with her. When Mark leaves the apartment, Jennifer throws Janet off balcony. The detective in charge of the investigation tells Lara that there are several cases of women committing suicide in that apartment, but he believes that someone has filled them. Lara decides to move to Janet  apartment despite what has happened there. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil",   modern ghost story which turns a love/hate relationship between mother and daughter into a tale of horror. Some rentals are too good to be true. MonteCristo International']
["A rag-tag bunch of seniors, complete outsiders at their surf-crazed Laguna Beach High School, decide to crash the biggest team surf contest. In order to prevail, however, they must do one important thing...learn to surf! We're taking your classic Cinderella story into the world of surfing, complete with hi-jinx and the aesthetic beauty of surf mecca Costa Rica, our spectacular set location. ", "It  senior year at Laguna High, and senior trip is a surf safari to Costa Rica for the High school Surfing Championship (OK, we made it up). Of course, five senior outcasts, non-surfers all, aren't invited. It  OK, they've got the perfect underdog plan: 1. enroll in an offbeat Costa Rican surf school run by the ultimate burned-out surf bum; and 2. since they're low on dough, they'll stay at a commune run by two former 60s hippie radicals, Boris and Tillie (still wanted by the FBI). Throw in the soon-to-be-famous Three Swedes, Nordic beauties who get off on teasing American men, add a primate (Veronique the lovesick French chimp) and you have an epic teen comedy. And who knows, our outcasts may just surprise the surfing world in the process! John Stevens"]
[ liens invade, this time delivering a clear ultimatum. The fate of humanity hangs in the balance as the U.S. President and citizens decide if these aliens are to be trusted ...or feared.']
[  naturally talented basketball player, Noah Cruise is determined to become a doctor using his basketball scholarship to UCLA pre-med, rather than succumb to the lure of former sports agent Vaughn and go for the NBA. His best friend, the buddy that took the fall for him and did the time for an assault charge, Tech, also an outstanding basketball player, has less lofty ambitions: he wants to get his GED and win an underground street ball game against his arrogant rival, Jewelz. Their lives change drastically when they both fall in love with two local girls, Vanessa Lilly and Eboni Jackson, and take fateful trip out to L.A. together. ']
["Regina, the once popular girl has to make new friends at her new, conservative school. Problems arrive when she becomes enemies with Lvia, the school  queen bee, and falls in love with Mrk, a musician. If these wouldn't be enough, she decides to organize a cheerleader team. "]
['Max Seed, a mass murderer, is scheduled for execution at the hands of Warden Wright. Before the executioner throws the switch, Wright steps in front of Seed, "Do you have any last words?" Seed, " I\'ll see you again." After three attempts to electrocute, complete with boiling blood that steeps from his eyes, he\  still alive. The executioner, Wright & the doctor collectively agree, that the breathing Seed be pronounced dead. He is bound and buried alive. After biting & clawing his way to the surface, Seed, the blood soaked, enraged madman, is now bent on vengeance. The reign of violence that follows will redefine the boundaries of extreme gore, physical & mental torture explored through cinema. ',  fter a seemingly undead man is bound and buried alive, he digs himself back to the surface and seeks bloody vengeance on those who caused him his suffering. Skip4591']
[  new mega shark threatens to destroy humanity. The government creates an exact robotic copy of the shark, either equal to or greater than the original. Now they must fight to the death while people and whole cities get in the way. jack']
[  family of Turks try to adapt to life in a new solar system.']
[ n offshore drilling accident releases a giant primordial shark. When the shark flies and walks on land threatening to turn a bikini contest into a bloodbath, marine biologist Kat Carmichael arrives to destroy the shark and save beach-goers. Her efforts are stymied by corporate bad guy Roger Wade and his flunky Stewart who are only interested in their own agenda of money, money, money. With time running out for beach loving humans, Carmichael recruits heroic skipper Chuck and fearless disc jockey Dynamite Stevens to help her blast the blood thirsty shark back to a watery grave. jodilyn']
['Two plus-sized ladies meet the men of their dreams in the most unexpected of ways. ']
['Basketball superstar Dennis Rodman stars as a hip Interpol agent attempting to defeat the deadly plans of a crazed arms dealer. ']
['While driving through the desert, a teenage girl is frightened by a seven-foot giant which appears in her path. After escaping, she returns to the site with her boyfriend and her father in an attempt to find the giant. They do, and it proceeds to terrorize them and the rest of Palm Springs, California. Marty McKee ', 'Teenagers stumble across a prehistoric caveman, who goes on a rampage.']
["Scott and Kate are married and very much in love with each other. Scott is more than 60 years old, while Kate is at least thirty years younger. When Scott dies, his soul cannot get peace and he becomes a ghost only Kate can see and speak with. Scott wants to return to life, and him and Kate hatch a plan to let a young man drown so that Scott can take over his body. Also, Kate must handle Scott  company  business deal that involves Donald Trump as well as the mob. Mattias Thuresson", 'Elderly Scott kills himself after a heart attack wrecks his body, but then comes back as a ghost and convinces his loving young hot wife Kate to pick and kill a young man in order for Scott to possess his body and be with her again.']
["Jerry Springer stars as more or less himself, the host of a raunchy, controversial and popular Los Angeles talk show which features everyday people with problems and who frequently vent their problems on the air. A new group of guests are flown in for one show who include white trailer trash from Sarasota FL; Connie, whose current husband has cheated on her with her nymphomaniac teenage daughter, Angel, for which Connie has gotten revenge by having sex with Angel  fiance; and from Detroit, black trash Starletta, whose boyfriend, Damone, has slept with all of her girlfriends. Soon the paths of all of these parties cross which leads to more sex, arguments, physical violence, and Jerry sweating out just another day."]
['When a chain of volcanic eruptions rips through Europe, the enormous ash cloud blocks out the sun, plunging the continent into a new ice age. An American couple must find their kids and get them out of Paris before it freezes over. ']
["Beatnik Jerry takes his girl Angie to the carnival. Angie wants to go see the gypsy fortuneteller, Jerry does not but relents. After hearing bad news from the fortuneteller, Jerry goes alone to see her sister, dancer Carmelita. He is invited backstage, where he is mesmerized into becoming a psychotic killer. When he tries to kill Angie, she and his best friend Harold realize something  wrong. Buxx Banner ", 'Jerry falls in love with a stripper he meets at a carnival. Little does he know that she is the sister of a gypsy fortune teller whose predictions he had scoffed at earlier. The gypsy turns him into a zombie and he goes on a killing spree. ']
[ n evil millionaire believes he is Santa Claus after an accident renders him amnesiac.']
['The story centers on a small-town Sheriff who witnesses what he believes is a kidnapping, and rushes to rescue a woman. The kidnappers turn out to be F.B.I. Agents assigned to protect her and deliver her to a big Enron-type corruption trial in Chicago, but are later found to be on the take and are villains who are bent on killing her. ']
['Ro-Man, an alien that looks remarkably like a gorilla in a diving helmet, has destroyed all but six people on the planet Earth. He spends the entire film trying to finish off these survivors, but complications arise when he falls for the young woman in the group. Love that bubble machine! Ray Hamel ', 'The monstrous Ro-Man attempts to annihilate the last family alive on Earth, but finds himself falling for their beautiful daughter. Shannon Patrick Sullivan ']
['Robotic Officer Tactical Operation Research. A prototype robot intended for crime combat escapes from the development lab and goes on a killing rampage. ']
["Keith Lemon (Leigh Francis) is preparing to take his invention, the securipole, which he has been attempting to lift off the ground for twenty years, to a business convention in London. Meanwhile, his girlfriend Rosie (Laura Aikman) has discovered that she is pregnant, but due to Keith being away, instead confides in his best friend, Dougie (Kevin Bishop). At the convention, the securipole fails to attract any big investor attention, and back at home, an order of 1,000,000 securipoles arrives, much to Rosie and Dougie  dismay. Realising that his invention may never be successful, and that he now owes Evil Steve (Leigh Francis) a ton of money for the securipoles, Lemon decides to stay in London, and takes the advice of fellow businessman Kushvinder (Harish Patel), and accepts the gift of a new style mobile phone that Kushvinder has invented. Attempting to turn the gift into his next money-making scheme, Lemon accepts an offer to appear on David Hasselhoff  prime time television chat show, after meeting up with his guardian angel, Archimedes (Verne Troyer). At first, the phone fails to impress, but after Lemon places a sticky Lemon sweet on the back, becomes an overnight sensation. Kelly Brook is impressed with the invention, and offers Lemon an invitation to go out on a date with her. Things are finally looking up - and Lemon decides to stick at his new life, while back home, Rosie is in serious danger after being kidnapped by Evil Steve. However, Lemon  world comes crashing down when the Lemon phone is discovered to have a major technical fault, which causes the owner  mouth to sag, giving them a speech impediment. Realising that he has no choice but to go back to his old life, Lemon accepts the advice of his best friend, Dougie, but will he be able to save Rosie from the clutches of Evil Steve, and escape the media backlash that he is facing? "]
["It  Schluufy  birthday, and the Oogieloves (Goobie, Zoozie and Toofie), along with their friends J. Edgar, Windy Window and Ruffy, are organizing a party. (Shh! It  a secret.) Everything is going along just perfectly until J. Edgar trips and loses the last five magical balloons in all of Lovelyloveville--OH NO! The Oogiloves set out to find the magical balloons in time to save their friend  party. Along the way, they meet some very interesting characters indeed, including Dotty Rounder (Cloris Leachman), Bobby Wobbly (Carey Elwes), Milky Marvin (Chazz Palminteri), Rosalie Rosebud (Toni Braxton) and Lola and Lero Sombero (Christopher Lloyd and Jaime Pressly). Can these new friends help them recover the magical balloons and get back to the cottage in time to celebrate Schluufy  surprise birthday? Official site", "The Oogieloves, Goobie, Zoozie, and Toofie, set out to find five magical balloons that will make their good friend Schluufy  surprise birthday party extra special."]
["A stylish Tabrez Khan (Akshay Kumar) is depicted as Tees Maar Khan, a smart conman. He proclaims himself as semi-Robin Hood, who steals from the rich but does not give it to the poor. His life revolves around robbery and frequent visits to jail. Hired by a robbers' duo, the Johari brothers (Rajiv and Raghu), he plans to rob a train full of treasures, thus making it the greatest phenomenon in his life. On his way, he encounters an Oscar-obsessed film star (Akshaye Khanna), a seductive-and-desiring-to-be-a-superstar-some-day girlfriend (Katrina Kaif) and to accompany him in this heist, an entire village. What follows is a brain-less comedy that heralds the Tees Maar Khan  journey through mystics of the robbery. Chechs",  fter being apprehended and held by Interpol in Paris, Tabrez Mirza Khan, born from a Bollywood movie-addicted woman, manages to give Agents Chatterjee and Mukherjee the slip and returns home to his now widowed mother and sweetheart, Anya Khan. He finds out about a treasure-laden train and in the company of his entourage, travels to a village named Dhulia, where he decides to con the residents into believing that robbing the train is part of the filming. He also inducts a prominent Oscar-craving Bollywood actor, Aatish Kapoor, to be the lead character in this movie. But his venture will run into problems with the entry of his mother,followed closely by Agents Chatterjee and Mukherjee, Commissioner Khadak Singh, and a headless horseman. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)',  heila, an item girl is depicted in this song. She dances in a way so as to seduce everyone and then leave them away and go. However, men still want her and would not let her go at any cost. They just want her, but Sheila keeps saying," I know you want it, but never gonna get it, you\'ll never gonna get my body!" TMK', 'Posing as a movie producer, a conman attempts to trick an entire village into helping him rob a treasure-laden train. ']
["Fat Slags charts the rise and fall of our eponymous heroines, who are unrepentantly vulgar and crass. Leaving their hometown of Fulchester in the North of England, Sandra and Tracey head for the bright lights of London, shagging and boozing their way to fame and fortune. Sean Cooley an internationally renowned billionaire suffers a blow to the head, rendering him temporarily insane on the day The Fat Slags arrive in London. Spotting them on a popular daytime TV chat show, he falls in love with their larger than life look and approach. Determined to make them stars, he forces fashion designer Fidor Konstantin to base his next collection around the girls, creating a media sensation. In a whirlwind turn of events, Sandra and Tracey take the UK by storm, hitting number one in the record charts and inadvertently winning the Turner Prize. As far as the press is concerned, fat is the new black... Throughout their journey into the world of celebrity, the girls maintain their unique and endearing vulgarity, coupled with an innocence that draws the British public to their cause. However, in private, jealousy is driving a wedge between Sandra and Tracey as they both vie for the attentions of Cooley. Only when he regains his mental faculties and turns on our unlikely heroines, do they realise that friendship is the only real thing they have in the mad world they've become a part of. Nicole Gregory", 'The Fat Slags from Viz hit the big time and become celebrities. Aidan']
['Low-budget film about a young man given a mystical medallion by an Aztec shaman, in order to become a puma-empowered champion like his father before him. In trying to initially locate the young man, the shaman has the nasty habit of pushing candidates out of windows to test them ("Nope, not him.") Derek Chong ', 'Professor Tony Farms discovers that he is really Puma Man, a superhero who is descended from the gods. Together with an Aztec priest, they try to thwart the plans of Kobras, who is in possession of the sacred puma mask, and plans to hypnotize government leaders with it and take over the world. Puma Man spends most of the movie flying awkwardly and jumping around, leaving the Aztec priest to perform all the physically demanding tasks. Richard Kim ']
['In this sequel, the Fighting Eagle returns. This time he must save a former mentor from the evil Zor. Ator battles cavemen, invisible swordsmen, and barbarians with his new sidekick Thong to finally have the ultimate showdown with Zor. Sean Kilby and Jason Parker ', 'Muscle-bound Ator and his mute East Asian sidekick travel from the ends of the earth to save his aged mentor from the evil, mustachioed Zor. Shannon Patrick Sullivan ']
['Dee and Dawn are two dim-witted, pink-clad, blond ladies whom meet by accident and try to make a living with their dull lives, until a series of circumstances ensue when after they unwittingly take jobs at a local strip club, they are mistaken for two deadly female brunette assassins known only as the Cat and the Kit whom are hired to kill the club owner whom is a mobster in a witness protection program. With two persistent, but inept, FBI agents on their tail, the ditsy Dee and Dawn try to stay one step head of the law, as well as try to figure out what is really going on. ', 'Comic mayhem ensues when two lovely blondes, Dee and Dawn, are mistaken as international mob killers. MajorFilms@aol.com']
[ rthur Sailes must have the courage to marry his beloved Ben Sheets and stand against the obstacles that face him. His brother, Victor, a devout Christian, plans to get himself reinstated into the church after they throw him out because his brother, Arthur, is gay. Sam Mraovich', "A pair of recently married gay men are threatened by one of the partner  brother, a religious fanatic who plots to murder them after being ostracized by his church. Jojo Mac"]
['John and his girlfriend Shirley go in search of a cemetary in order to inspire John for writing his next horror story. After they crash the car, they wander into the graveyard and encounter the dancing dead, a full moon spectacle overseen by the Ruler of the Dark. Before long the couple is spotted and taken prisoner. Tied to stakes and forced to watch the dancing, they await their fate. Ed Sutton ']
[  strange race of human-like marsupials appear suddenly in Australia, and a sociologist who studies these creatures falls in love with a female one. Is this a dangerous combination? Chris Makrozahopoulos ']
["When a mysterious race of creatures takes over a desolate Earth, humanity must take refuge in SkyArk, the city in the sky. After the rebellion against a corrupt leadership fails, the wealthy doom the rebels' children to live on the ruins of the old Earth. The rebel leader  son, Rags, must lead his fellow exiles against the monsters in order to have a chance to return to SkyArk, but he soon finds that he has a much greater purpose in saving humanity. Grindstone Entertainment Group, LLC.", 'On a dangerous future Earth filled with monsters, an orphan tries to escape back to SkyArk, a man-made city in the sky, but he soon learns that he has a much greater purpose. Grindstone Entertainment Group, LLC.']
['Martians, upset that their children have become obsessed with TV shows from Earth which extol the virtues of Santa Claus, start an expedition to Earth to kidnap the one and only Santa. While on Earth, they kidnap two lively children that lead the group of Martians to the North Pole and Santa. The Martians then take Santa and the two children back to Mars with them. Voldar, a particularly grumpy Martian, attempts to do away with the children and Santa before they get to Mars, but their leader Lomas stops him. When they arrive on Mars, Santa, with the help of the two Earth children and a rather simple-minded Martian lackey, overcomes the Martians by bringing fun, happiness and Christmas cheer to the children of Mars.', 'The Martians kidnap Santa Claus because there is nobody on Mars to give their children presents. Murray Chapman ']
['While delivering an award to her humanitarian father Ben Feld, the stylish wealthy Jewish Caucasian Marci Feld is surprised by the attack of the conservative senator Mary Ellen Spinkle to her father in the media. The motive is the lyrics of the rap "Shoot Ya\' Teacha " sing by Dr. S and released by the hip-hop record label Felony Assault that belongs to Ben. He has a heart attack, and his daughter decides to assume the problem and negotiate a public excuse of Dr. S in the MTV Award. However, the bad boy sings a polemic song on television to humiliate Merci that gives senator Sprinkle the chance to promote the "Buttgate". Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', "Marci, a spoiled Jewish American Princess, is forced to take control of her father  hard-core rap label, Felony Assault, when her mogul dad, Ben Feld, has a stress-induced heart attack due to the controversy surrounding the label  hip-hop song Shoot Ya' Teacha by Dr. Snatchcatcher. To rescue her father  plummeting stock, Marci attempts to tone down the rapper  bad-boy edge. Over time, the unlikely pair fall in love just as a conservative senator vows to banish the rapper and his offensive lyrics from the airwaves forever. Sujit R. Varma", "A Jewish-American Princess is forced to take control of a hard-core hip-hop record label and tries to rein the one of the label  most controversial rappers. "]
['Two neurology students create a telepathy experiment together to visualize a murderer, who recently knifed another student. J.M. Allen']
['Joe Don Baker is Mitchell, a hard-nosed, soft-bellied cop with an affinity for porn and Schlitz. His latest assignment has him engaging in no-speed car chases, yelling at children, shooting at innocents and sloppily harassing Linda Evans.',   sleazy, incompetent detective tries to simultaneously take down heroin dealers and a socialite who murdered a burglar. Jojo Mac']
[ fter a young man is killed by a gang of rampant teenagers, he is resurrected by a voodoo priestess so he can avenge his death. Josh Pasnak ']
["In this zero budget cheapie a busty Batwoman enlists her beauteous bevy of Batgirls (when they are not dancing the jerk) to help her regain a mad scientist  invention (an atom bomb made out of a hearing aid) before a costumed ne'er-do-well, Rat Fink, can glom onto it for his own purposes. Doug Sederberg ", 'The pointlessly named Batwoman and her bevy of Batmaidens fight evil and dance.']
["A teenage girl  life gets turned upside down when a new school friend turns out to be a pop star. "]
['Barb and her brother Johnny travel to the country for the funeral services of their aunt, but they arrive late and drive direct to the cemetery. They see the location empty, but sooner they are attacked by zombies. Johnny escapes in his car leaving Barb alone, but she is rescued by the drug dealer and college student Ben. He drives his motorcycle to the Cooper farm, and the patriarch Henry Cooper does not give credit to Barb. When the farmhouse is under siege of a group of flesh-eaters zombies, the local mortician Gerald Tovar Jr. arrives and tells a scary story about the origin of the zombies. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', "In this 3D chiller, Barb and her brother Johnny arrive late for the burial of their aunt -- and walk straight into a nightmare. With zombies on her heels, Barb flees the cemetery and is rescued by Ben, a local college student. The two seek refuge in the nearby farmhouse of the Cooper family, where the laid-back residents aren't remotely prepared to have their lives turn into a horror movie. But Barb is destined for an even grimmer confrontation -- with the pyrophobic mortician, Gerald Tovar, Jr. Robert Valding", 'Both an homage to and a re-imagining of the original 1968 film, this update follows a group of survivors trapped in a farmhouse battling a siege of undead zombies....in 3D! songmaster2005']
[  beach movie. A scroll is stolen from an art gallery and taken to Catalina Island, where the thieves plan to use it to swindle Lakopolous, a Greek art collector. They plan to show him the real scroll, then deliver a fake. Lakopolous, however, turns out not to be rock-stupid, and tries to steal the scroll himself. Meanwhile, the thieves\' son figures out what his folks are up to and cooks up an improbable scheme that will allow him to steal the scroll back and return it. During this, the whole troupe are under surveillance from a mysterious guy who keeps pulling prat falls. All of which is *completely incidental* to the story of the love interest between Don and Katrina, the blonde guy who always has women flocking to him for no perceptible reason, and the "spontaneous" music and dance numbers. Leo L. Schwab ', 'College chums Don Pringle and Charlie Moss head to Charlie\  home of Catalina Island for the summer, which is Don\  first experience with the ocean as he grew up in the deserts of Arizona. They want the summer to be full of water activities, but more importantly girls. While Charlie\  old harem flocks around him as soon as they board the Catalina ferry, Don catches the eye of Charlie\  sister, Tina. While he likes Tina, he is attracted primarily to Katrina, who is visiting the island with her fianc, Angelo. What Don, Charlie and their group of friends are initially unaware of is that Arthur and Anne Duval, the upscale parents of their new friend Tad, are the masterminds behind a recent theft of an ancient scroll from a Los Angeles museum. They have a buyer for the scroll, the cutthroat art collector Lakopolous, who has among his henchmen Angelo. Using Anne\  artistic skills, they however are planning on making a duplicate, selling the duplicate to Lakopolous, returning the original, and thus pocketing the $500,000 sale price. Complications ensue when the scroll, in a watertight canister, gets lost in the ocean. The Duvals try to use their son\  new unwitting friends to scuba dive for "lost treasure", the kids having no idea what they are diving for. But their lives are placed in danger as Lakopolous\' men, including Angelo, are also searching for the lost scroll and will kill anyone who gets in their way. But another party, who gets into one scrape after another, seems to be watching every move most specifically the Duvals make regarding the scroll. Huggo', "A group of swingin' teens take time out from having fun in the sun to try to foil a group of crooks searching for a stolen scroll. Shannon Patrick Sullivan "]
[  successful DJ manages to rescue a powerful mobster one night. In order to repay him, the mobster gives him the task of protecting his daughter. ']
['The Rider is traveling through a post-apocalyptic world on his technically advanced motorcycle and his loyal computer Einstein. Being pure in spirit, he manages to pass through the wall of illusion and meets the resistance movement The Elders, fighting the tyranny of the evil despot Prossor. The resistance asks him to free professor McWayne, their leader, who has been sentenced to death by Prossor. The beautiful Nastasia and The Rider infiltrate the city, guarded by the Omega militia, where the professor is imprisoned. Mattias Thuresson',   nomad mercenary on a high-tech motorcycle helps bring about the downfall of the evil Orwellian government, the Omega. Leo L. Schwab ']
[  doctor specializing in bats, and his new wife interrupt their honeymoon to go spelunking in Carlsbad Cavern. There he is bitten by a fruit bat and inexplicably undergoes a transformation into a vampire bat. He ultimately escapes, however, escaping back to the caves. His wife, infected by her husband, kills the local constabulary and goes to join him.',  fter being bitten by a bat in a cave, a doctor undergoes an accelerating transformation into a man-bat, which ruins his vacation and causes considerable distress for his wife. Brian J. Wright ']
["After a run-in with local thugs, aspiring Harlem rapper Rob flees to a place and father he never knew, and finds his salvation in Reggaeton, a spicy blend of hip-hop, reggae and Latin beats. Puerto Rico, the spiritual home of Reggaeton, inspires Rob and his step-brother Javi to pursue their dream of becoming Reggaeton stars. Together with a dancer named C.C., they learn what it means to stay true to themselves and each other, while overcoming obstacles in love, greed and pride, all culminating in an explosive performance at New York  Puerto Rican Day Parade. Columbia Pictures",   young man from the South Bronx dreams of making it as a rapper, until a run-in with local thugs forces him to hide in Puerto Rico with the father he never knew. ']
["New York City bus driver Ralph Kramden and his feisty wife Alice, struggle to make ends meet. Despite Ralph  many get-rich-quick schemes/motivational speaker tape series, they've managed to save some money and, along with their best friends Ed and Trixie Norton, they seem to have almost enough money for a down payment on a Brooklyn duplex. However, when Ralph decides to try to impress Alice by making up what he  lost and augmenting their savings with another of his crazy schemes, he winds up losing all their money and his marriage to boot--and it takes all his determination and love for Alice to get things on track again. Sujit R. Varma", "Working class New York bus driver Ralph Kramden is always coming up with get-rich-quick schemes for him and his best friend, Ed Norton, who  always around to help him get in (and out of) trouble. "]
["A pair of losers marry two elderly sisters, thinking they'll inherit their fortune and Beverly Hills estate. "]
["Young Vercingetorix came of age in 60 B.C., as soldiers of the Roman Empire ran roughshod over Gaul and his father was captured and executed by Romans. A wise and philosophical druid, Guttuart, tells the angry Vercingetorix that he should seek justice by winning freedom for Gaul from the Romans. As an adult, Vercingetorix becomes a brave and insightful warrior, and at first joins forces with the charismatic Julius Caesar. But in time Vercingetorix is betrayed by the great leader, and soon he raises an army of his own to defeat Caesar and bring Guttuart  prophesy to life. ", "An entire nation  destiny lies in the hands of one man. "]
[  mad scientist (and apparent former Nazi) unleashes his master plan: to transform himself into a mutated walking catfish, gain revenge on those who have spurned him, and kidnap nubile young women to similarly transform so that he can breed. Or something like that.',   shuffling, evil marine biologist/janitor who speaks only in voice-overs develops a process to turn people into super-powerful amphibious sea creatures. Once he transforms himself, however, he seems to lose focus, as he starts Windexing a nearby pond. Only later does he vaguely start chasing after nubile women so that he can transform them as well, mate, and produce a race of super beings which will RULE THE WORLD!! Leo L. Schwab ',   mad scientist transforms himself into an aquatic killer.']
[  giant beanstalk brings Jack to a land in the clouds filled with snarling, evil beasts. When the creatures make their way to the ground, Jack must figure out how to get back down before they destroy earth and everyone in it. ']
["Nasik-based Heerendra Dhaan and Raj Ranade are bodyguards of a politician, but after their employer is implicated in a scam, they end up assaulting a police officer and flee to Mumbai. Once there they meet with Rambhabhai, who in turn, gets them employed with a gangster named Shambhu. After a short while the duo are apprehended by Police Inspector Narsimha, questioned, and after they agree to cooperate to bring down Shambhu, are let go. The two do succeed in assisting the police arrest Shambhu, but they themselves are arrested, tried in Court, and sentenced to a year in jail. After their discharge they are met with Inspector Narsimha, who wants to recruit them to capture and kill dreaded bandit Babban Singh, who had slaughtered his wife, Kavita, and son, Subbu, as well as cut his arms off. Heerendra and Raj agree to carry out this task for 8 Lakh Rupees. They re-locate to Kaliganj where Heerendra falls in love with auto-rickshaw driver, Ghungroo, while Raj gives his heart to Subbu  widow, Durga. They then set about their task to capture Babban, and do meet with some success during Diwali, but Babban manages to escape. Babban then starts to ambush and kill Kaliganj residents one by one in order to compel them to surrender the duo to him. The question remains will the residents carry out Babban  wishes or will they permit themselves to be slaughtered? rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)"]
["Santa Claus, high above the North Pole in his cloud-borne castle equipped with more surveillance devices than the Impossible Mission Force, prepares to deliver presents on Christmas night. Santa is especially interested in helping Lupita, the daughter of a poor family who wants nothing more than a doll; and a young boy whose parents are so wealthy they never spend any time with him (Santa fixes this by feeding them Pan-Galactic Gargle Blasters). However, the Devil will have none of this and sends his minion, Pitch, to foil Santa  plans. Pitch in turn recruits three Naughty Boys to help him set traps for Santa. Leo L. Schwab ", '"Pitch", a demon, is sent from Hades to prevent Santa Claus from delivering presents to the good little children of Mexico City. He enlists the help of three brothers. Chris Cuomo', 'With the aid of Merlin, Santa Claus must defeat the evil machinations of the devil Pitch to ruin Xmas.']
["The Cloth centers on a secret organization formed by the Catholic Church to counteract the rising number of cases of demonic possessions across the country. The story follows a young godless man who is being recruited into the cloth in order to prepare a new generation with the tools needed to stop the rise of the ultimate evil, Beelzebub. A battle for mankind  existence. The battle for your soul has begun. ",   godless man is recruited by a secret organization who works to combat demonic possessions in order to prepare a new generation in the battle against evil forces. ']
['In a small village, somewhere in France, German soldiers, killed and thrown into the lake by the Resistance during WW II, come back. Denis Ruckebusch ', 'In World War II, in a small village in France vanquished by the German army, a local woman has a love affair with one soldier and they have a daughter, Helena. One day, the German soldiers are ambushed and killed by the French Resistance and their bodies are thrown into a lake. Ten years later, the soldiers become an army of undead attacking the locals. The Mayor, who was part of the resistance, organizes a posse with a flamethrower, to destroy the living dead, and uses the girl Helena to help them. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil']
['The third thrilling saga of Deathstalker pits him against the evil wizard and ruler of the Southland, Troxartes, and his band of undead warriors. Dashing Deathstalker is entrusted by the beautiful Princess Carissa to protect an enchanted Jewel one of three which together hold the key to the lost city of treasure, Erendor. The missing pair of gems are stashed all too safely in the heavily guarded castle of the wicked Troxartes. His mission clear, Deathstalker rouses his troops and storms the fortress with the power of lightning. And in this fateful battle, one man will survive to witness the magical secrets of Erendor. Concorde - New Horizons (with permission).']
['In this non-stop hilarious ride we follow a struggling Movie Studio that is willing to do anything to make a buck even if it means ruining its reputation, and running the Movie Industry into the ground. This film has everything that an audience wants from a LAUGH OUT LOUD COMEDY by taking a no-holds barred attack on the Spoof Genre from Blockbuster Action movies to Dramas and Documentaries to Popular Television shows. David Murphy', "Follows a struggling movie studio that  willing to do anything to make a mint - even if it means ruining their reputation, and running the movie industry into the ground. Instinct Productions"]
['When a scientists daughter is kidnapped, American Ninja (David Bradley), attempts to find her, but this time he teams up with a youngster he has trained in the ways of the ninja. Speed_n_up']
[  professor and three of his students camp out in the wilderness to find a Bigfoot-type creature.']
['En route to a show in Singapore, a troupe of beautiful dancers are stranded on a deserted island by a plane crash. Their routine of skinny-dipping and devising new skimpy outfits is interrupted when a radioactive spider bites their manager and turns him into a wild-eyed, furry-faced monster with three fangs and a passion for strangling. D.A. Kellough ',  urvivors of a plane crash on a remote island find it is covered by spiders. When bitten, the survivors start turning into spiders! David Kinne ']
['Brash NYC policeman Officer Gunther Toody is partnered with stiff, by-the-book Officer Francis Muldoon to protect an important mafia witness prior to testifying against orgainzed crime in Brooklyn, all the while dealing with their personal lives, overbearing spouses, common criminals, arms dealers, and their officious boss Captain Anderson. ']
[  mad doctor builds a robot in order to steal a valuable Aztec treasure from a tomb guarded by a centuries-old living mummy. Jeremy Lunt ']
['Little Jack is a young fox living happily with his family in the woods, but everything changes when his father is captured by a circus troupe in order to be part of their show. The rest of the animals from the wood will share the same destiny. With the help from a nature-loving disabled boy in a wheelchair and a young acrobat girl, Little Jack will try to rescue the animals. Mario']
['Nick creates a time machine out of an airplane and a Commodore-64, and shows it to his friends by taking them 50 years into the future. Nick sells the technology to Gen-Corp, a high-tech firm run by J.K. Robertson, whose office is in the mezzanine of a shopping mall. Robertson, however, turns out to be Evil, and uses the time machine to plunder the future. With the lives of himself and his friends at stake, Nick needs to use his time machine to travel a week back in time and convince himself not to give the demo to Robertson. Leo L. Schwab ',  n inventor comes up with a time machine, but must prevent its abuse at the hands of an evil C.E.O. crow_steve@hotmail.com']
[ n astronaut comes back to Earth and crashes in a field, incredibly irradiated and wreaking havoc. Just as they have him cornered, he disappears, and the "real" astronaut is found 7,500 miles away in the Pacific Ocean, "alive, well, and of normal size." Jonah Falcon ',   space capsule crash-lands on Earth, and the astronaut aboard disappears. Is there a connection between the missing man and the monster roaming the area? Shannon Patrick Sullivan ']
["In ancient Greece a race of evil aliens from the moon land on earth. For years they've terrorized the nearby city of Samar, demanding children for sacrifice. Now, the queen of Samar has made a pact with the moon men to conquer the world and become the most powerful woman alive. However, the residents of Samar, sick of all the chaos, cheer when the mighty Hercules shows up to put a stop to it all. ", 'Hercules is summoned to oppose the evil Queen Samara, who has allied herself with aliens and is sacrificing her own people in a bid to awaken a moon goddess. Shannon Patrick Sullivan ', 'Hercules is summoned to oppose the evil Queen Samara, who has allied herself with aliens and is sacrificing her own people in a bid to awaken a moon goddess. Shannon Patrick Sullivan ']
['Orphaned, lonely and neglected Aditya grows up in Great Britain, living with his abusive aunt and cousin, Rajesh, and the abuse grows worse after the passing of his uncle. Aditya will soon find out that he is not alone in this world - he has a mother, Rani Jayati; a sweetheart in Sonia; he is watched by angels; and he also has a virtually indestructible arch-enemy - Riz Raizada, who had killed his father, the legendary Drona, to secure the secret of the Amrit Manthan - and is now all set to kill the Rani as well as Aditya himself. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)', "Far away in a distant town, there was once a young man named Aditya, Brought up by a foster family, Adita was unaware of his real identity and the destiny that awaited him. Ever since he was a child, a recurring nightmare haunted him. And when he woke up in fright, there was no one he could ever hold on to except for a magical BlueCross petal that came wafting in the wind, never failing to make him smile through his tears. Somewhere far from here, an evil sorcerer, Riz Raizada, a descendant of the asuras (legendary demons) had become dangerously impatient, in his thirst for the precious secret. The secret, which was the missing link, in this grand plan of taking over the universe. To get to the secret, he'd have to defeat the Drona. And herein, lay his problem. He didn't know who or where the Drona was! One sudden day Aditya and Riz came face to face and Riz immediately recognized him as the Drona. Aditya  destiny had caught up with him and his life was about to take him on a journey he had never imagined. Aditya couldn't comprehend why Riz  men were hunting him down. Just when he was about to be captured, a cult that believed that The Drona was their Messiah came to his rescue. Sonia, the leader of the cult, revealed Aditya  real identify to him. Baffled, Aditya found it all too hard to believe. Having no time to lose, Sonia decided to take Aditya back to his place of birth, the ancient kingdom of Pratapgarh where his mother, Queen Jayanti Devi would have all the answers to his questions. But before he could embrace his mother, Riz and his army of the darkest powers caught up with him. Aditya would now have to rise to the occasion and embrace his destiny. For the sake of mankind he would have to become the legendary warrior he was born to be. Drona. Thus began Drona  journey through myths and legends. Along with Sonia, he would fight the evil spells of the absolutely lethal Riz Raizada. By battling odds, he would discover skills that he never knew he had. But would his fears catch up with him? Would the nightmares from his childhood come in the way of his epic journey? As good and evil clash in this contemporary fantasy fable, a breathtaking adventure beckons you into a world of mythic heroes and malicious magicians, of enchanted lands and life altering choices, of cunning curses and absolute innocence. The magnificent world of Drona! ",   young man learns he is the latest in line of a dynasty of ancestral warriors dedicated to guarding a mystic source of cosmic energy, and the time has come for him to take the role. Q. Leo Rahman']
['When a Former Special Ops commando visits Pompeii, his wife and daughter are trapped as Mt. Vesuvius erupts with massive force. While his family fights to survive the deadly onslaught of heat and lava, he enlists his former teammates in a daring operation beneath the ruins of Pompeii. ', 'Mount Vesuvius erupts when a family visits Pompeii. The daughter uses her skill and her father his ability, in order to escape the disaster. Nebzyl']
["Looking back a few years later, Jefferson Roth tells the story of the last few weeks of her senior year at a Wisconsin boarding school when she and two girl friends, the naive Lisa and the outrageous Karen, use a pistol to turn the tables on men (boys, really) who make them feel weak, put upon, and desired only as sex objects. They stage a sexual assault on David, who  been hot and cold toward Lisa. Meanwhile, each of the three keeps trying to find love even while Karen wants to attack others: Jefferson falls for a cowboy singer, ignoring a boy she grew up with, Jeremy, who likes her; Lisa tries again to reach David; Karen puts herself at risk with an older man. Can it end well?", 'Three rebellious teenage girls decide to even the score in the battle of the sexes. ']
['One of the Mystery Science Theater 3000 faves. A little boy who has an extensive array of pets he likes to call "specimens" finds an alien egg to hatch, somewhat like Horton. The creature manages to use his snout to suck up peanuts and warp time and space with his fingers. Unfortunately, his brother who is found by poachers go on a killing spree. Jonah Falcon ',   young boy in the woods discovers a lovable alien...or is it?']
[ n honest temple priest takes on more than he can handle when he bears witness to a murder and gives evidence in a court of law against a powerful landlord in his village. The landlord bribes his way to freedom and engineers a ploy to ruin the priests reputation and his status among his peers in the village. Ashamed of his tarnished reputation the priest commits suicide,and leaves his wife and young children to face the atrocities of the evil landlord. The son flees the village and travels to Mumbai to make a life, but returns years later to avenge the shame caused to his family. Thi UTV Motion Pictures', 'When a temple priest commits suicide after being dishonored by an evil landlord, his son returns to his native village on a mission of vengeance. ']
[  comedy centered around three people who each have a lookalike of a lookalike, all with the same name. ']
['Twins discover a coven of witches. The brother is recruited to join while the sister uncovers their heritage as witch slayers. When the brother is supposed to sacrifice his sister they instead team up to destroy the Witch of the Woods. Tumbleweed_Biff']
["From the cage to the big screen, the world  greatest Mixed Martial Arts Champions come together for the first time in a major motion picture. When an MMA world champion is lured into the illegal world of underground cage fighting by an elusive promoter, he quickly realizes that the only way out is to kill or to be killed. In a place where some fight for glory and some fight for the fight; he will fight for his life. Now, in his greatest effort to come out on top, he can never look back; never show weakness, never leave...and NEVER SURRENDER. Hector Echavarria"]
[ n ordinary fisherman attempts to save his village from a corrupted politician using his superhuman powers.']
['Two womanizing bachelors fall in love with twin sisters who run a sex addiction clinic.']
['Geronimo is the Sheriff of a little Texas town. One night two brothers from Palermo kills the sheriffs coworker and pal so he chases them. The chase takes him across the border down to Mexico where he kills one of the brothers and takes the other one back to USA to stand trial. The surviving brother vows revenge on the sheriff. But the criminal is handed over to the Italian police and the sheriff is sent over to Europe with the prisoner. Mikael Ahkoila ', 'Homicidal Sheriff Thomas Jefferson Geronimo is tasked with escorting a mobster to Malta; when the prisoner escapes, Geronimo goes rogue to catch him. Jojo Mac']
["A bacteriological weapon developed by the US Government to create a super soldier - spreads an epidemic in a quiet little town in the middle of Eastern Europe. All citizens have been turned into infected zombies. The plan is to bring an atomic bomb into the city  nuclear plant to pretend a terrible accident occurred. No one has to know the truth. A team of mercenaries is hired to complete the mission. The battle is on. Hordes of monsters against the team. WHO WILL SURVIVE? Russell Romick",   team of soldiers who are assembled to help end a zombie outbreak in a Romanian town. Movie Guy']
["In Kentucky, five sexy students are trapped to spend the night in an abandoned sanatorium, where many people were killed in the 30  when the location was devastated by an infectious white plague, as a prank of their school mates. Along the night, while trying to escape from the asylum, they are haunted by ghosts and the survivors disclose that they are descendant of the victims and are reviving their deaths. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil", 'The movie is based on the True Stories and Hauntings of Waverly Hills Sanatorium in Louisville, Kentucky. This horrific five story structure is listed as one of the Top Ten Scariest Places on Earth, due to the 63,000+ deaths within this monument of terror. The deceased were then carried through the massive five hundred foot underground tunnel to their final resting place. The story involves five girls on a college initiation, forced to spend the night separately on the five floors of this sanatorium, with the five ghosts that exist within its abandoned corridors. ', 'For an initiation stunt, five college women are locked in a Kentucky hospital built in 1910 where 63,000 people died from a disease known as the "white plague". Deep under the hospital is the "Death Tunnel" which once were used to secretly remove the dead from the grounds. Twintalk Releases']
['Professor "Johnny Longbow" Salina, a man who really knows his stews, introduces Paul Carlson to the practical-joking Kathy Nolan. Paul and Kathy seem to hit it off rather well but, during a meteor storm, a meteorite fragment strikes Paul, burying itself deep in his skull, which has the unpleasant side-effect of causing Paul to mutate into a giant reptilian monster at night and go on murderous rampages. It turns out that this sort of thing has happened before, when Professor Salina rediscovers ancient Native American paintings detailing a similar event many centuries ago. Kathy, however, still loves Paul, and tries to save him. Leo L. Schwab ',   young man is transformed into a hideous "moon beast" due to a meteor fragment lodged in his body.']
["Firat  car gets stolen. Firat and his friends try to get Firat  car back."]
["In this animated adaptation of the Bible story Moses hears the voice of God from a burning bush, which inspires him to confront Egypt  pharaoh and demand freedom for the Israelite slaves. The pharaoh agrees after a series of horrific plagues, and Moses leads the Israelites through the parted Red Sea into the harsh freedom of the desert. There he ascends Mount Sinai and returns with the Ten Commandments. "]
['Ignored by his alcoholic parents, Jimmy Wilson starts hanging around with some shady characters. After falling in love with a lounge singer, Jimmy tries to impress her by doing jobs for her shady boss. After one of these jobs goes bad, Jimmy ends up on the run. Eventually, he must confront the truth, his past, and his parents. Jean-Marc Rocher ', 'Young man goes to work for gangsters to impress his nightclub-singer girlfriend. frankfob2@yahoo.com']
["Guru Ji is a spiritual leader who has a huge follower base. He has accepted the challenge of eradicating social evils including drugs and gender-related issues that have been prevailing in the society. Those with vested interest and apathetic towards the welfare of the society are now disturbed as there  someone who has taken control of the situation. They conspire to kill him. Agrim Koundal", 'Guru Ji is a social reformer who works to help people fight against social evils.']
["A modern-day updating of the Dracula legend that finds Steven, a good-looking American hero devastated by the death of his girlfriend, wandering through Europe and looking for happiness. A car accident leads him to a small town sitting literally in the shadow of Dracula  castle. The frightened villagers have been preyed upon for generations. Steven is stunned to discover Carla, the innkeeper  daughter looks identical to his dead girlfriend. When she begs for his assistance against the vampire, he agrees to help them. Together with Dr. Van Helsing, the most famous vampire killer of all time, he attacks Dracula using a variety of ingenious weapons against the supernatural. Dracula shows unusual powers that defeat them at every turn, including fireballs and lightning from his fingertips. He is constantly on a search for blood to satisfy his centuries-old bickering brides. When Dracula kidnaps Carla right out of her bed, Steven and Van Helsing desperately try to kill him before it is too late. "]
['When an energy experiment goes haywire, a rash of massive hurricanes rips across North America. A special project scientist must get his family to safety before the hurricanes merge, creating a "hypercane" with the power to wipe the US off the map. ', 'When an energy experiment goes haywire, a rash of massive hurricanes rips across North America. A scientist must get his family to safety before the hurricanes merge, creating a "hypercane" with the power to wipe America off the map. Movie Guy']
['Mysterious unseen men in black (angels?) collect the souls of the recently dead. When four teenagers "die" in a car wreck, one of these beings ("The Man") is sent to retrieve their souls. However, the teens are disembodied and realize their predicament. They flee. The movie revolves around them being picked off one by one, The Man\  infatuation with one of the teenagers (who was apparently his lover in a past life), and the efforts of the teens to reunite their souls with their hospitalized bodies.', 'Four teenagers are killed in a car accident. Two of the teenagers refuse to go with "The Grim Reaper" and a race between life and death ensues! Humberto Amador']
["The two 'most wanted' cowboys in the New Mexico territory ride into Corazon for one last job - to rob the ruthless town boss. jpdt"]
["During World War II, a small German squadron was assigned the task of carrying a shipment of Nazi gold across the African desert. Along the way, the squadron was ambushed by the Allies, and only one American soldier, Robert, survived. Years later, Robert tells his story to a German treasure hunter named Kurt, who promptly murders him. Robert  son, upon learning of his father  death, vows to travel to Africa and find the lost gold himself. While the desert is hazardous enough by itself, the dangers lurking around this oasis are more than any of the treasure hunters ever imagined. Jean-Marc Rocher {rocher@fiberbit.net}", 'In the WWII, a platoon of German soldiers is attacked by the Allies in an oasis and only the British Commander survives. The Sheik and his daughter Aisha rescue him in the desert and bring him to their house, where he recovers. Years later, the survivor tells to the mercenary Kurt that the German troop was transporting a shipment of 6 million-dollar in gold and he informs the location of the treasure. However Kurt kills him and organizes an expedition to find the treasure. Meanwhile the student Robert Blabber reads notes of his father and discovers that there is a treasure hidden in the desert. Robert joins his friends and they travel to the desert to seek the gold. However, when they reach the location, they are attacked by an army of German living dead. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', "During World War II, a small German squadron was assigned the task of carrying a shipment of Nazi gold across the African desert. Along the way, the squadron was ambushed by the Allies, and only one American soldier, Robert, survived. Years later, Robert tells his story to a German treasure hunter named Kurt, who promptly murders him. Robert  son, upon learning of his father  death, vows to travel to Africa and find the lost gold himself. While the desert is hazardous enough by itself, the dangers lurking around this oasis are more than any of the treasure hunters ever imagined. Jean-Marc Rocher ",  n expedition searching for treasure supposedly buried by the German army in the African desert during WW II comes up against an army of Nazi zombies guarding the fortune.']
[  series of comedic short films guaranteed to offend. ']
[  college student must win an inter college competition to save his college from being demolished by property builders. ']
['Kelogan fights the black prince to serve justice.']
["Tells the story about Karan, a young, spirited, sporty boy who lives life off the rules and Sana, a young petite, shy girl who lives life by the rules. This develops into a magical love story. Karan  uncle, Dr. Yatinder Khanna  much developed time machine finally works. Sana expresses her wish to travel ahead in time to Mumbai in the future. We land in Mumbai 2050 in the time machine... along with Uncle Yatinder, Rahul and Thea (Sana  younger brother and sister). Flying cars, 200 storey buildings, robots and sky rails have changed the very face of Mumbai. Through a series of twists and turns, the time traveler Karan finds himself separating from his love. QT, a friendly femme robot and Boo, a small robotic teddy bear play their distinct roles in bringing their love story together but soon find themselves under the threat of the demi-god of the future, Dr. Hoshi. Will Karan be able to overcome the threat of Dr. Hoshi and win his love and travel back in time? gavin (gunmasterM@hotmail.com)",  fter his girlfriend, Sana Bedi, accidentally passes away, Sydney-based wealthy Karan Malhotra enlists the assistance of his scientist uncle, Yatin Khanna, and together they decide to time-travel to the year 2050 in Mumbai to try and bring Sana back to the year 2008. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)', 'With the help of his uncle, a man travels to the future to try and bring his girlfriend back to life. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)']
['When a colossal tectonic shift causes the sea level to start rising, a microbiologist gathers the DNA of as many species as she can, while the military creates an "ark" in a desperate attempt to preserve life on Earth. ']
["The evil mastermind Fu Manchu plots his latest scheme to basically freeze over the Earth  oceans with his diabolical new device. Opposing him is his arch-nemesis, Interpol  very British Dr. Nayland Smith. crow_steve@hotmail.com", "An evil Chinese mastermind plots to freeze the Earth  oceans."]
['Duffy, a former campus king of one-night stands and kinky threesomes, has one final blowout on the night before his wedding. Before making it to the altar, he will have to survive Asian masseuses, horny ex-girlfriends, strip beer-pong, S&M booby traps, and the temptations of adult film superstar. ']
[  trio of convicts joins up for an assault on a Cuban stronghold. After they are captured, they plan to escape before they face the firing squad. They eventually make it back to the American Southwest, where they go from town to town, robbing and killing. Dave Smith ', 'Griffin escapes from jail and teams up with two local thugs to invade Cuba. However they are soon captured by a Castro look-alike and put in a cell, where the prisoners are giving a sub-human treatment. But Griffin hatches a plan. Is it enough to save the day for the friends, and bring peace to Cuba? Qrrbirbel', 'Escaped convict Griffin and his friends ran all the way to Hell...with a penny, and a broken cigarette. Qrrbirbel']
["A defecting Russian scientist is transformed by an atomic test into a hulking monster, Tor Johnson, of course. Not much else except some people are killed, boys get lost, and a rabbit sniffs Tor  corpse. (This film was used for Mystery Science Theater 3000.) Jonah Falcon ", 'Coffee-obsessed B-movie auteur Coleman Francis was unleashed upon an unsuspecting world with this standard "man becomes radioactive monster" movie rendered hilariously surreal entertainment by the soundtrack having been lost in production and replaced by nonsensical rambling narration from a drunk-sounding Francis. ',   defecting Soviet scientist is hit by a nuclear explosion near Yucca Flats and roams around as a beast. ']
[ fter conning and humiliating a Mumbai-based gangster, Anthony Gonsalves, on two different occasions, two con-men, Bhagat Bhosle - who stole a suitcase containing cash - and Chetan Chouhan - who stole his vehicle - end up in Bangkok. Once there, Chetan poses as a social worker and attempts to raise funds for orphans in Somalia as well as win the heart of a wealthy woman, Khushi. Bhagat also ventures on the scene and attempts to win her heart by feigning blindness. The duo make hilarious attempts to outdo each other - little knowing that soon things are going to change after Khushi gets abducted by a vengeful Anthony. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)', 'Two rival con-men attempt to outdo each other to woo a wealthy woman. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)']
['While the hot-rodders and motorcyclists are having a rock-and-roll beach party, a barrel of radioactive material is unloaded from a passing ship, plunges to the bottom, and splits against a jagged rock. A black liquid oozes out and covers a shapeless mass on the ocean floor, which suddenly moves and becomes an encrusted vicious monster. Soon there are several monsters who must have human blood to survive. Tina is the first victim, and football hero Hank Green and airhead Elaine Gavin enlist the aid of her science-professor father, Dr. Gavin, to find and capture the killer. Not working fast enough to prevent the attack on 20 teenagers at a slumber party or the killing of three girl motorists, Dr. Gavin finds an arm lost by one of the monsters and discovers that only sodium will destroy the monsters, whose composition is mostly water. Can they gather enough salt in southern California to put an end to this horror? Les Adams ', 'Radioactive waste dumped off the coastline creates mutant monsters. The beasts attack slumber parties, beaches, and tourists, and terrorize a waterfront community as a scientist, his daughter, her boyfriend, and the local police try to find a way to stop them. Jeremy Lunt ',  ea creatures created from radioactive sludge terrorize a beach community. crow_steve@hotmail.com']
[ ihirbazlik Okulunda Bir Trk Tahsin Kara']
['There are soldiers who want to be a commander. But these soldiers always hanging around. Commanders want to bring to hell them. But these soldiers always makes jokes and they palters. Meanwhile, one of soldiers deal with him lover.']
['Using breakthrough flesh-regeneration technology, a biotech firm creates a set of living dinosaurs. But when the creatures escape their museum exhibit and terrorize Los Angeles, a former firefighter must rescue his teenage daughter from the chaos brought on by the Age of Dinosaurs. ']
['Diyva and Karan Saxena are in love and plan to marry. Karan has a younger step-brother, Vivek Saxena who he looks after him as though he were his own brother. Divya and Vivek hang out with quite a few young people of their own age, Atul, Vijay, Prem, Ashok, Nita, Rashmi, Niki, and Priti, just to name a few. Two male members try to sexually molest Divya, and get a sound thrashing from Karan. After apologizing, these two members decide to avenge their beating and humiliation. After entrapping Divya, they sexually molest her to such an extent that Divya attempts to kill herself. Unknown to Divya, she was the lover of Kapil a snake with magical powers, in a previous life. Their love life was shattered by an angry sage who cursed them with separation until the 21st century. Divya, who was called Vasundhara in her previous life, dies after this curse, and is reborn as Divya. Now seeing Divya dying, Kapil swears to avenge her death by killing them one by one. Divya does die, but her spirit has survived and joins Kapil to avenge her humiliation and death, not against the two members, but against all the male members. Soon death visits the friends one by one, and no one can stop the killing. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)',   group of young people must try and save themselves from an invincible man, Kapil and his lover, Vasundhara. The problem is Kapil have powers to take the form of anything at any time at will and cannot be destroy by bullets or any other method(s) used to kill him while Vasundhara was raped and killed thus holding the same people she wants to kill responsible for her current plight. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com)', "Diyva and Karan Saxena are in love and plan to marry, after Karan goes to London for some business opportunity. Karan has a younger step-brother, Vivek Saxena who he looks after him as though he were his own brother. Divya and Vivek hang out with quite a few young people of their own age, Atul, Vijay, Prem,Ashok, Nita, Rashmi, Niki, and Priti, just to name a few. Two male members try to sexually molest Divya, and get a sound thrashing from Karan. After apologizing, these two members decide to avenge their beating and humiliation. After entrapping Divya, they sexually molest her to such an extent that Divya attempts to kill herself. Unknown to Divya, she was the lover of Kapil a snake with magical powers, in a previous life. Their love life was shattered by an angry sage who cursed them with separation until the 21st century. Divya, who was called Vasundhara in her previous life, dies after this curse, and is reborn as Divya. Now seeing Divya dying, Kapil swears to avenge her death by killing them one by one. Divya does die, but her spirit has survived and joins Kapil to avenge her humiliation and death, not against the two members, but against all the male members. Soon death visits the friends one by one, and no one can stop the killing. Until one fine day Karan returns from London only to find that Divya is no more alive and that his brother is wanted by Divya and Kapil in connection with Divya  murder but Karan assure to everyone that anyone who touches his brother will not remain alive. And that he will die but keep up his promise. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com",   shape-shifting snake exacts vengeance on a group of friends for a crime they did not even committed. king']
['Thirty-something Jonna, successful ad executive with cozy architect husband Niklas and two small children, leads a double life. She is constantly on the lookout for quick casual sex. When she starts seeing handsome and rich young yacht owner Aleksi, things really start going awry in her personal and professional life. While her artist sister Sanna provides her with suitable alibis, TV sex therapist Nora tries to help her come to terms with her sex addiction. Markku Kuoppamki']
['(English version) Slow-moving aliens from the planet Neptune, wearing nosecone-shaped space helmets, attempt to invade Earth in a winged rocketship. But they are thwarted by a mysterious superhero called Space Chief who flies around in a rocket-propelled car. Leo L. Schwab ', "A bunch of kids who look like rejects from the Japanese version of 'Lord of the Flies' run around while aliens (from Neptune, presumably) blow up stock footage, including a building with a giant mural of Adolf Hitler. After much technobabble and shots of radar displays, they are defeated by a wispy bachelor named Space Chief who has a wobbly flying car. Joe Mason ", 'Clumsy invaders from Neptune are thwarted by hero Space Chief and a nondescript group of microshort-wearing Japanese kids. ']
[  Group of space men from the planet Krankor who resemble chickens are led by their leader, Phantom to invade Earth. But a strange superhero named Prince of Space (actually a bootblack in disguise) arrives to defeat the spacemen. Although the weapons of the aliens cannot harm the Prince of Space, the Phantom continues to fight, and many plot twists (including capturing a group of elderly scientists) ensue. Watch out for the Giant! Tim Fox ', 'When an alien force tries to invade Earth to steal a powerful new rocket fuel, a mysterious hero intervenes. Norman Cook ']
["Sir Arthur Conan Doyle  action-adventure classic, four plane crash survivors encounter danger in a world that time forgot. The Asylum"]
['While being transported through the Arizona desert in a van, six convicted prisoners escapes after a car accident. Their leader kills the security guard and they kidnap a female guard trying to reach the Mexican border. In their runaway, they find a gold medallion and later they reach the house of an old Apache, and they ask the direction to reach Mexico. The Apache tells them that in the opposite direction there is a hidden Spanish treasure. They decide to seek the gold and they stumble in an old ghost town, where the friendly population is formed by vampires and zombies and the local sheriff Drake is evil. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', "Misfit group of convicts find a fabled treasure and horrific death when they uncover the secret of the lost gold of the Tumacacori. For over one hundred years the Spanish Conquistadors tore raw gold from the heart of the Guachapa Mountains, where they enslaved ten thousand native Hohokam Indians and twenty-five hundred labor laden burros, creating a line of man and beast that snaked for more than two hundred miles across the Southwest desert to a secret place of hiding. Seven Jesuit priests vowed to protect the precious gold until the Spanish came to remove the treasure and take the wealth to another place. But the Spanish never returned, and as the priests aged and died, they were mummified and placed in pine coffins with the treasure to protect it for all eternity. For over four hundred years no one came to this place. Until the great migration West, when new untamed settlers opened up the rugged frontier, and a small town was built over the ancient treasure site, where the men mined and looked for riches. And when they uncovered the Spanish treasure, they awoke the seven Jesuit priests from their sleep, and the seven mummies sought revenge for those that had disturbed the gold. They killed the entire people of the town and placed them into a state of purgatory, the walking dead now cursed to protect the treasure of the Tumacacori..... And now, another one hundred years later, six misfit convicts try to escape across the sun scorched desert to Mexico in search of freedom, but find a gold medallion covered with unknown symbols and an Apache holy man who tells them of the lost Spanish wealth. More gold than ten men can spend in ten life times together. As the group stumbles into the old frontier town at dusk to seek their fortune at taking the gold, they are forced to confront the town  wicked sheriff, Drake, and his two deadly deputies, who will stop at nothing to keep the convicts from finding the lost treasure of the Tumacacori and discovering the secret of the seven mummies. Thadd Turner",  ix escaped convicts and their female hostage make a desperate run for the Mexican border, where they stumble across a lost treasure of untold wealth, and find certain death instead on the Arizona desert. Tanya C. Turner']
['Class of teenage students attempting to save their unconventional school from closure, which was one of the highest-grossing Turkish films of 2007. scaryofmonsters']
["This high-tech, psychological thriller is set in the shadowy world of the Internet. Sondra Brummel is recovering from a skiing accident in her boyfriend  mansion, and accidently contacts a possible killer in an Internet chatroom. She and her friend Misty enter a virtual game that that becomes all too real. "]
["Somehow, atomic power is harnessed to transplant brains. An old woman uses this power to hire two sexy (and one homely) foreign housekeepers with the idea of transplanting her old brain into a sexy woman . Jonah Falcon ", "Mrs. March, sadistic, selfish, and wealthy, uses her aging gigolo boyfriend and renegade scientist Otto Frank, whose illegal experiments she is subsidizing in her Gothic mansion, in a plan to transplant her brain into the body of a young woman. Three foreign domestics: Mexican Anita, British Bea, and Austrian Nina, are hired. Frank  mysterious and unexplained use of radiation can inexplicably transplant brains without surgery. After he puts a cat  brain into Anita, and she literally scratches out Bea  eye, Nina becomes the prospective receptacle for Mrs. March  aging but still active libido. duke1029@aol.com",   rich but unscrupulous old woman plots with a scientist to have her brain implanted in the skull of a sexy young woman. duke1029@aol.com']
["Matt is haunted by the death of a girl from a car accident he caused years ago. Matt was drunk and as he reached for the car radio, he struck the girl as she crossed the road. The guilt that he feels has altered his sense of reality, making Matt  life a mystery full of shadows and phantoms. Now, years later Matt goes away for weekend with his new girlfriend Dawn. After a wild session of lovemaking, Dawn goes for a walk. While she is away a strange man with an ax comes into the motel room and attacks Matt. After that incident Matt goes into the woods, looking for Dawn. There he encounters Dawn  family who tie him down and put him on trail for the murder of the girl years before. They find him guilty and he is sent back into the forest to be hunted down by the family. The deeper Matt runs into the forest the farther his mind is lost to the Blackwoods."]
['The story of young Lt. Witkowski, an Air Force F-104 Starfighter pilot, and his attempts to prove himself a worthy pilot to his father, a congressman and Air Force war hero. Aerial refueling is prominently featured in this tale of the peacetime Air Force. David Conner ',   young Air Force lieutenant falls in love with fighter planes while his father, a Congressman and war hero, yearns for him to fly heavy bombers. Shannon Patrick Sullivan ']
["The seemingly tranquil waterways of Venice are terrorized by the perfect killing machine. In search of his father who has mysteriously disappeared diving in the city, David stumbles across the cryptic trail leading to the long-lost fortune of the Medici. As the unwitting pawn in a Mafia plot to recover the treasure, David  girlfriend is kidnapped at gunpoint, plunging him into a desperate race against time. If he has any hope of saving her he must enter the deadly waters. Can David out-gun the Mafia assassins and survive the voracious sharks laying in wait beneath the surface, or will he succumb to the same fate as his father? "]
['Motorcycle racer Rommel and his fiance Rita become friendly with a biker gang led by the unstable J.C. When Rita is raped and murdered by J.C. in a jealous rage, Rommel gathers some biker pals and goes on a hunt for vengeance. Marty McKee ', "Motorcycle racer Rommel seeks vengeance against JC, a madman who murdered the sidehacker  fiancee. Shannon Patrick Sullivan "]
[ afak Sezer as a sailor who returns to Istanbul, following misadventures with Somali pirates and a sojourn in a Budhist monastery, to do battle with a werewolf. scaryofmonsters']
["The teenagers Isabella, Jamie, Melanie, Caroline and Stephanie are lost in a shortcut they took in their way back home. The inexperienced Bell is driving her mother  van and is worried about the late hour. The quintet decides to stop in an isolated store to ask for directions, and Bell accidentally bumps one headlight of a parked SUV. The girls decide to leave the place and drive in the dark and lonely road trying to reach the main road. They decide to make a u-turn and they are chased by the driver of the SUV along a night of terror. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil", '"On their way home from a high school football game, five teenage girls become hopelessly lost. When they stop to get directions at a desolate store, the girls are involved in a minor fender bender which leaves an unattended SUV one headlight short. Inexperienced and frightened that they\'ll get into trouble, the girls flee the scene of the accident and speed away down the dark and unfamiliar roads. As they blindly make their way across an area the locals call THE EYES, the girls are suddenly shocked to see one lone headlight appear behind them. As the driver of the damaged SUV begins one terrifying assault after another, the five girls will lose their innocence and possibly their lives in this brutal and shocking thrill ride." Sandra Paduch & Travis Stevens']
["A couple own an airfield which makes its money on skydiving in the middle of New Mexico. They are having marital problems because the man is cheating on his wife, but remains she tries to remain true to him. The woman he is cheating with is jealous of the man  wife, so she seduces another guy to conspire with her to kill him. Meanwhile, the wife is cheating on the cheating husband with the husband  old Army buddy... and they all enjoy coffee all the while. Jonah Falcon ", "Joe likes coffee, and wants it more than anything in the world. However, when Beth offers him some, she doesn't follow through. Joe keeps inquiring about it, but never gets his coffee. This is the story of Joe  want, need, and lust for coffee and his descent into slow madness as he doesn't get it. John Coffey",   woman seeks revenge on her former lover, who owns a skydiving business. Shannon Patrick Sullivan ']
["In 1947 when the maps of India and Pakistan were being drawn, an oversight ensured that the village of Paglapur didn't find a place in either country. The village had the distinction of housing the largest mental asylum in the region and in the mle that ensued during partition, the asylum inmates broke loose, drove away the villagers and established their own republic in Paglapur. And that  how it stayed for the next 60 years! While the world outside changed, Paglapur remained isolated, with no electricity, television or sanity. Now, decades after the world forgot this village, a NASA scientist of Indian origin, Agastya and his beautiful wife find themselves on the road to Paglapur. Agastya is working on a top secret project for creating a device to communicate with aliens. So why is he in a village whose colorful inhabitants include a man who speaks in gibberish, another who thinks he is a lamp post and everyone else who think Mahatma Gandhi is still around, fighting for independence? And more importantly, what are they going to do that will soon turn the universe  spotlight on this forgotten village? Production",   space scientist working on a project to communicate with aliens visits a village called Paglapur. To improve the plight of the inhabitants of Paglapur, he comes up with a novel idea.']
['The coming of age story of a young female rapper, who finds her inspiration by reading the Diary of Anne Frank.']
['Two young people stand on a street corner in a run-down part of New York, kissing. Despite the lawlessness of the district they are left unmolested. A short distance away walk Maria and Andreas. They are on their first date. In an episodic style the film tells of encounters and love among young people. The stories are set in Cairo, Paris, on the coast of Normandy and in New York.']
['The life story of German gangsta rapper, Bushido. ']
['Hababam Sinifi returns to the nest finished his military service. scaryofmonsters']
["Costantino and Daniele are two friends which have very success with girls. Their wish is to work in the show business and they can achieve their goal when meet Valeria, top model and actress, who offers both guys the chance they are looking for: meet Mr. Giampalmi, an important producer. But the producer is Valeria  father who wants the guys to be cheated... Gero"]
["A father  psychic abilities are put to the test when his two daughters are trapped inside of a corn maze haunted by the spirits of two young girls who disappeared a year earlier. Bill Cowell"]
['Michael, an American professor teaching history at Moscow University, finances his passion for treasure hunting with competitive street racing. His racing nemesis Wolf becomes his ally as they both embark on a quest to search for a famous ancient Russian treasure. Robert Madrid',  n American professor (Brand) teams up with a Russian biker (Nevsky) to search for historical treasures buried in and around Moscow. ']
['Eda was a dance student attending an academy. When she was a student, she got pregnant from her lover Cihan who is already married and has a child. When she realized this, she learned that she was at the 16th week of pregnancy. Oya, who is one of the close friends of Eda from the school, made the Solo Show instead of Eda. At the same night, Eda had an abortion in crude conditions which was going to make her life hell. A few years later, she gets married with her new boyfriend Cenk who studied Photography in the same academy and lives happily. However, the spirit of the baby girl she aborted comes back to haunt her ']
['Two comedians set out to make their own exploitation video. Duke']
['Hababam Sinifi is going to the army. After graduating from school, it is time military service. scaryofmonsters']
['In search of an ancient Chinese scroll, a Chinese agent battles against Japanese Yakuzas and British mercenaries. ']
['Hababam Sinifi is back. 1980s, naughty and mischievous students together again. scaryofmonsters']
[  group of archeologists are determined to make digs on a ghost town to find an old book, ignoring that the town is cursed due to events occurred about seven hundred years ago. An evil spirit comes to haunt this team... Onur (Saint Deggial) B.']
[  Turkish comedy film directed by Murat Aslan about an incompetent gang of criminals attempting to go straight, which was the fifth highest-grossing Turkish film of 2008. scaryofmonsters']
[  story of the pregnant man']
['This is the millennium version of the old black and white movies produced by Erler film.. The stories of those movies were like fairy tales to its audiences. Years passed and now we are to witness the the funny story of the rich girl Melek, her boy friend Adnan, the cab driver, their bright son Omer, the sweet Hulusi Bey, Necdet the chef, Kayhan the butler, Suzan the trouble making nanny, Coskun the rapist, Nuri the psychopath, and Onder the thief of hearts! omayra73@yahoo.com']
['In this sequel the deportees are now captured by the Iraqis and are living in a camp. On the other hand their families who are going to Mashad are imprisoned when their airplane is hijacked by some terrorists who want to take it to Iraq. In the camp also they have to deal with the Iraqis who are imprisoned them. Ibrahim']
["When Anus Magillicutty  woman stops a would-be assassin, Anus is forced to interrupt his life of guzzling beer and women to dispose of the corpse. What starts as a simple chore quickly escalates into a darker plot of deceit and revenge where it seems even Satan himself is after Anus. Team Member"]